<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE CHAPTER SYSTEM "CountryF1.dtd" >
<?xml-stylesheet type="text/css" href="country.css"?>

<CHAPTER ID="CA">
  <TITLE>Canada</TITLE>
  <INTRO>
    <TITLE>The Higher Education System</TITLE>
    <PARA>Under legislation passed in 1982, the 10 provinces and three territories individually
      enjoy autonomy over their respective higher education sectors; however, the Council of
      Ministers of Education, Canada was created by the provincial and territorial ministers of
      education in 1967 to take collective decisions in the national interest. The provincial and
      territorial governments provide the majority of funding to their public post-secondary
      institutions, with the remainder of funding coming from tuition fees, the federal Government,
      and research grants. The Association of Universities and Colleges of Canada
      (AUCC&amp;mdash;also known as Universities Canada) is the national organization of university
      executive heads. Most degrees are conferred by universities or university colleges and their
      affiliated and federated institutions, as well as by colleges of applied science, applied arts
      and technology. Conservatories and some community colleges are also authorized to offer
      degrees. Total enrolment at Canadian universities stood at 1,341,351 in 2020/21. The official
      languages of Canada are French and English, but English is the language of instruction in most
      universities except in the province of Qu&amp;eacute;bec, where French is used.</PARA>
    <PARA>Unlike in the USA, there is no central system of accreditation for post-secondary
      institutions in Canada, although a number of regulatory authorities perform this function for
      certain professional programmes (such as law, medicine, engineering and architecture) within
      these institutions. However, procedures and regulations are in place in each province and
      territory that provide ongoing assessment of the overall quality equivalent to
      &amp;lsquo;accreditation&amp;rsquo; as it is commonly understood. In addition, it is generally
      held that membership of the AUCC implies that an institution is offering university-level
      programmes of nationally acceptable standards. The Association of Accrediting Agencies of
      Canada (established in 1994) provides a national network of professional education accrediting
      bodies.</PARA>
    <PARA>Canada does not have a national qualifications framework. Ontario is the only province to
      have an established qualifications framework; the 13-level system has been fully implemented
      in the province within the public sector and is gradually being phased in within the private
      sector.</PARA>
    <PARA>The standard administrative structure for a university consists of two governing bodies, a
      Board of Governors or Regents and a Senate or Academic Council. In addition, a
      Vice-Chancellor, President, Principal or Rector is responsible for administrative and academic
      management. The only consistent admissions criteria for undergraduate studies include
      successful completion of grade 12 of secondary school or, in Qu&amp;eacute;bec, candidates are
      required to take the Dipl&amp;ocirc;me d'&amp;Eacute;tudes Coll&amp;eacute;giales (study for
      which lasts two years) at a Coll&amp;egrave;ge d'enseignement g&amp;eacute;n&amp;eacute;ral et
      professionnel since schooling at primary and secondary level in this province lasts only 11
      years; otherwise, higher education institutes are free to set their own entrance criteria.
      Subjects such as law and medicine require the passing of an entrance examination.</PARA>
    <PARA>Though there may be provincial or territorial peculiarities, the university degree system
      conforms to the Bachelors/Masters/Doctorate schema. The Bachelors (Baccalaureat in
      Qu&amp;eacute;becois) is a three- to four-year programme the format of which varies from
      institution to institution, with some following the US-style credits system. Some Bachelors
      programmes include an element of research and are known as Honours (these courses, however,
      are not offered within the Francophone system of higher education). Following Bachelors are
      Masters (Ma&amp;icirc;trise) programmes of two years, which fall into two classifications:
      Taught and Research. Finally, the qualification Doctor of Philosophy (PhD, or Philosophiae
      Doctor) requires three to five years of study following the Masters.</PARA>
    <PARA>In March 2011 in an historic pact believed to be the first of its kind in Canada, the
      Atlantic Policy Congress of First Nations Chiefs and the Association of Atlantic Universities
      signed a memorandum of understanding to improve access to post-secondary education for
      aboriginal people. Only 9.8% of the Indigenous population aged between 25 and 64 years held a
      university degree in 2011. According to the AUCC, the percentage of universities offering
      Indigenous language courses increased from 44% to 54% between 2013 and 2015.</PARA>
    <PARA>In 2020&amp;ndash;21 most universities generally remained closed due to the Coronavirus
      pandemic, with classes being shifted to remote learning. In June 2021, some universities
      including the University of Toronto announced that all students living in residence for the
      2021-22 academic year will need to be vaccinated. In January 2022 the Government announced
      that international students would only be allowed entry into the country if they were fully
      vaccinated with a Government approved vaccine. Most universities were fully open by May 2022
      and a few universities, including the University of Waterloo, lifted vaccine requirements to
      enter or work on campus while retaining a mask policy for indoor spaces.</PARA>
  </INTRO>
  <RRB-GRP ID="CA.0">
    <TITLE>Regulatory and Representative Bodies</TITLE>
    <SUB-LS-RI ID="CA.0.1">
        <SUB-LS-RI-TITLE>Government</SUB-LS-RI-TITLE>
        
        <SECONDARY ID="CA.201805071114.0001" TOWN="Summerside" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="07.05.2018, 14.06.2018, 26.06.2019, 07.05.2020, 26.05.2021" UPDATED="26.05.2022" RETURNED="22.01.2020" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
          <TIBLOCK>
            <TITLE>Department of Education and Lifelong Learning, Prince Edward Island </TITLE>
          </TIBLOCK>
          <BLOCK>
            <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">
              <EMAIL>deptell@gov.pe.ca</EMAIL>
            </CONTACT>
            <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
              <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>Holman Center, Suite 101, 250 Water St, <CITY>Summerside </CITY>, PE
                  <POSTCODE>C1N 1B6</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
            </ADDRESS>
            <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
              <NUMBER>(902) 438-4130</NUMBER>
            </TEL>
            <EMAIL>deptell@gov.pe.ca</EMAIL>
            <WWW>www.princeedwardisland.ca/en/topic/education-and-lifelong-learning</WWW>
            <ADMINSTAFF>
              <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Minister</JOB>
              <NAME>
                <ACAD-TITLE>Hon.</ACAD-TITLE>
                <FORENAME>Natalie</FORENAME>
                <SURNAME>Jameson </SURNAME>
              </NAME>
            </ADMINSTAFF>
          </BLOCK>
        </SECONDARY>
        <SECONDARY ID="CA.201805071100.0001" TOWN="Halifax" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="07.05.2018, 14.06.2018, 26.06.2019, 07.05.2020, 26.05.2021" UPDATED="26.05.2022" RETURNED="25.02.2021" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
          <TIBLOCK>
            <TITLE>Department of Labour, Skills and Immigration, Nova Scotia</TITLE>
          </TIBLOCK>
          <BLOCK>
            <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Donna Leal, Exec. Sec. to Minister, <EMAIL>donna.leal@novascotia.ca
              </EMAIL></CONTACT>
            <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
              <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>1505 Barrington St, POB 697, <CITY>Halifax</CITY>, NS <POSTCODE> B3J
                  2T8</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
            </ADDRESS>
            <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
              <NUMBER>(902) 424-5301</NUMBER>
            </TEL>
            <EMAIL>lae-correspondence@novascotia.ca</EMAIL>
            <WWW>beta.novascotia.ca/government/labour-skills-and-immigration</WWW>
            <ADMINSTAFF>
              <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Minister</JOB>
              <NAME>
                <ACAD-TITLE>Hon.</ACAD-TITLE>
                <FORENAME>Jill</FORENAME>
                <SURNAME>Balser </SURNAME>
              </NAME>
            </ADMINSTAFF>
          </BLOCK><xi:include href="secondary1.dita" xmlns:xi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XInclude"/>
        </SECONDARY>
        <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804181244.0001" TOWN="Fredericton" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="18.04.2018, 14.06.2018, 26.06.2019, 26.05.2021" UPDATED="26.05.2022" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
          <TIBLOCK>
            <TITLE>Department of Post-Secondary Education, Training and Labour, New Brunswick </TITLE>
          </TIBLOCK>
          <BLOCK>
            <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
              <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>Chestnut Complex, POB 6000, <CITY>Fredericton</CITY>, NB <POSTCODE>
                  E3B 5H1</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
            </ADDRESS>
            <ADDRESS TYPE="LOCATION" COUNTRY="0">
              <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>Chestnut Complex, 470 York St, <CITY>Fredericton</CITY>, NB
                  <POSTCODE>E3B 3P7</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
            </ADDRESS>
            <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
              <NUMBER>(506) 453-2597</NUMBER>
            </TEL>
            <EMAIL>dpetlinfo@gnb.ca</EMAIL>
            <WWW>www2.gnb.ca/content/gnb/en/departments/post-secondary_education_training_and_labour/Skills.html </WWW>
            <ADMINSTAFF>
              <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Minister</JOB>
              <NAME>
                <ACAD-TITLE>Hon.</ACAD-TITLE>
                <FORENAME>Trevor A.</FORENAME>
                <SURNAME> Holder </SURNAME>
              </NAME>
            </ADMINSTAFF>
          </BLOCK>
        </SECONDARY>
        <SECONDARY ID="CA.201805071026.0001" TOWN="Victoria" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="07.05.2018, 14.06.2018, 26.06.2019, 07.05.2020, 26.05.2021" UPDATED="26.05.2022" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
          <TIBLOCK>
            <TITLE>Ministry of Advanced Education and Skills Training, British Columbia </TITLE>
          </TIBLOCK>
          <BLOCK>
            <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
              <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>POB 9080, Station Provincial Govt, <CITY>Victoria</CITY>, BC
                  <POSTCODE>V8W 9E2</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
            </ADDRESS>
            <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
              <NUMBER>(250) 356-0179</NUMBER>
            </TEL>
            <EMAIL>aest.minister@gov.bc.ca</EMAIL>
            <WWW>www2.gov.bc.ca/gov/content/governments/organizational-structure/ministries-organizations/ministries/advanced-education-skills-training </WWW>
            <ADMINSTAFF>
              <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Minister</JOB>
              <NAME>
                <ACAD-TITLE>Hon.</ACAD-TITLE>
                <FORENAME>Anne</FORENAME>
                <SURNAME>Kang </SURNAME>
              </NAME>
            </ADMINSTAFF>
          </BLOCK>
        </SECONDARY>
        <SECONDARY ID="CA.201805071148.0001" TOWN="Regina" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="07.05.2018, 14.06.2018, 26.06.2019, 26.05.2021" UPDATED="26.05.2022" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
          <TIBLOCK>
            <TITLE>Ministry of Advanced Education, Saskatchewan</TITLE>
          </TIBLOCK>
          <BLOCK>
            <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
              <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>Minister's Office, Room 307, Legislative Bldg, 2405 Legislative Dr.,
                  <CITY>Regina</CITY>, SK <POSTCODE>S4S 0B3</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
            </ADDRESS>
            <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
              <NUMBER>(306) 787-0341</NUMBER>
            </TEL>
            <EMAIL>minister.ae@gov.sk.ca</EMAIL>
            <WWW>www.saskatchewan.ca/government/government-structure/ministries/advanced-education </WWW>
            <ADMINSTAFF>
              <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Minister</JOB>
              <NAME>
                <ACAD-TITLE>Hon.</ACAD-TITLE>
                <FORENAME>Gene</FORENAME>
                <SURNAME>Makowsky </SURNAME>
              </NAME>
            </ADMINSTAFF>
          </BLOCK>
        </SECONDARY>
        <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804181554.0001" TOWN="Toronto" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="18.04.2018, 14.06.2018, 26.06.2019, 07.05.2020, 26.05.2021" UPDATED="26.05.2022" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
          <TIBLOCK>
            <TITLE>Ministry of Colleges and Universities, Ontario</TITLE>
          </TIBLOCK>
          <BLOCK>
            <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Hon. Ross Romano, Min. <EMAIL>merrilee.fullerton@ontario.ca
              </EMAIL></CONTACT>
            <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
              <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>438 University Ave, 5th Fl., <CITY>Toronto</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> M74
                  2A5</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
            </ADDRESS>
            <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
              <NUMBER>(416) 325-2929</NUMBER>
            </TEL>
            <WWW>www.ontario.ca/page/ministry-colleges-universities</WWW>
            <ADMINSTAFF>
              <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Minister</JOB>
              <NAME>
                <ACAD-TITLE>Hon.</ACAD-TITLE>
                <FORENAME>Jill</FORENAME>
                <SURNAME>Dunlop </SURNAME>
              </NAME>
            </ADMINSTAFF>
          </BLOCK>
        </SECONDARY>
        <SECONDARY ID="CA.201805041747.0001" TOWN="Winnipeg" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="04.05.2018, 14.06.2018, 26.06.2019, 26.05.2021, 26.05.2022" UPDATED="02.09.2022" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
          <TIBLOCK>
            <TITLE>Ministry of Education and Early Childhood Learning</TITLE>
          </TIBLOCK>
          <BLOCK>
            <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
              <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>450 Broadway, <CITY>Winnipeg</CITY>, MB <POSTCODE>R3C 0V8
                </POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
            </ADDRESS>
            <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
              <NUMBER>(204) 945-3720</NUMBER>
            </TEL>
            <EMAIL>webinfo@gov.mb.ca</EMAIL>
            <WWW>www.edu.gov.mb.ca</WWW>
            <ADMINSTAFF>
              <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Minister</JOB>
              <NAME>
                <FORENAME>Wayne</FORENAME>
                <SURNAME>Ewasko</SURNAME>
              </NAME>
            </ADMINSTAFF>
          </BLOCK>
        </SECONDARY>
        <SECONDARY ID="CA.201805071134.0001" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="07.05.2018, 14.06.2018, 26.06.2019, 27.05.2021" UPDATED="26.05.2022" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
          <TIBLOCK>
            <TITLE>Ministry of Education and Higher Education, Qu&amp;eacute;bec</TITLE>
          </TIBLOCK>
          <BLOCK>
            <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
              <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>1035 rue de la Chevroti&amp;egrave;re, <CITY>Qu&amp;eacute;bec</CITY>,
                QC <POSTCODE>G1R 5A5</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
            </ADDRESS>
            <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
              <NUMBER>(418) 643-7095</NUMBER>
            </TEL>
            <EMAIL>relationsmedias@education.gouv.qc.ca</EMAIL>
            <WWW>www.education.gouv.qc.ca/accueil</WWW>
            <ADMINSTAFF>
              <JOB STATUS="FILLED"> Minister for Education</JOB>
              <NAME>
                <FORENAME>Jean-Fran&amp;ccedil;ois</FORENAME>
                <SURNAME>Roberge</SURNAME>
              </NAME>
            </ADMINSTAFF>
            <ADMINSTAFF>
              <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Minister for Higher Education</JOB>
              <NAME>
                <FORENAME>Danielle</FORENAME>
                <SURNAME>McCann</SURNAME>
              </NAME>
            </ADMINSTAFF>
            <ADMINSTAFF>
              <JOB STATUS="FILLED"> Minister for Education</JOB>
              <NAME>
                <FORENAME>Isabelle</FORENAME>
                <SURNAME>Charest</SURNAME>
              </NAME>
            </ADMINSTAFF>
          </BLOCK>
        </SECONDARY>
        <SECONDARY ID="CA.201906261628.0001" TOWN="" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="26.06.2019, 07.05.2020, 26.05.2021" UPDATED="26.05.2022" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Ministry of Education, Ontario</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>14th Fl., 315 Front St, <CITY>Toronto</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> M7A
                0B8</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(416) 325-2600</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>minister.edu@ontario.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.edu.gov.on.ca</WWW>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Minister</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Hon.</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Stephen</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Lecce </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
    </SUB-LS-RI>
    <SUB-LS-RI ID="CA.0.2">
      <SUB-LS-RI-TITLE>Accreditation</SUB-LS-RI-TITLE>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.201805071226.0001" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="07.05.2018" UPDATED="14.05.2020" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Bureau de Coop&amp;eacute;ration Interuniversitaire</TITLE>
          <TRANS INDEX="1">Inter-University Cooperation Office</TRANS>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>500 rue Sherbrooke, W, Suite 200, <CITY>Montr&amp;eacute;al </CITY>,
              QC <POSTCODE>H3A 3C6</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(514) 288-8524</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@bci-qc.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.bci-qc.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1967"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">reviews univ. programmes; represents
            Qu&amp;eacute;bec univs in dealings with govt authorities, other orgs, general
            public</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir-Gen.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Ginette</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Legault </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="EAS.200905291201.0001" TOWN="" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="29.05.2009, 20.03.2018" UPDATED="14.05.2020" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Association of Accrediting Agencies of Canada</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">Association des Agences d'Agr&amp;eacute;ment du Canada</SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">
            <EMAIL>kayla@megram.com</EMAIL>
          </CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>2&amp;ndash;555 Hall Ave, E, <CITY>Renfrew</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> K7V
                4M7</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(613) 432-9491</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <WWW>www.aaac.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1994"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">identifies and promotes good practices for
            accreditation standards and processes; forum for accrediting agencies and related
            orgs</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chair.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Stewart</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Madon</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.201805041727.0001" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="04.05.2018" UPDATED="14.05.2020" PREVRETURNS="15.02.2019" RETURNED="06.01.2020" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Campus Alberta Quality Council</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Guy Germain, Dir, CAQC Sec.
            <EMAIL>guy.germain@gov.ab.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>8th Fl., Commerce Pl., 10155&amp;ndash;102 St, <CITY>Edmonton </CITY>,
              AB <POSTCODE>T5J 4L5</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(780) 427-8921</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>caqc@gov.ab.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.caqc.alberta.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="2004"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">monitors degree programmes, reviews and recommends
            AB degree programmes to the Min. of Advanced Education</GEN-INFO>
          <MEMBERS>
            <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="11"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
          </MEMBERS>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Co-Chair.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Dietmar</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Kennepohl </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Co-Chair.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Gayla</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Rogers </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804181202.0001" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="18.04.2018" UPDATED="15.05.2020" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Degree Quality Assessment Board, British Columbia</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>POB 9177, Station Provincial Govt, <CITY>Victoria</CITY>, BC
                <POSTCODE>V8W 9H8</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>3rd Fl, 835 Humboldt St, <CITY>Victoria</CITY>, BC <POSTCODE> V8V
                4W8</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <EMAIL>dqabsecretariat@gov.bc.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www2.gov.bc.ca/gov/content/education-training/post-secondary-education/institution-resources-administration/degree-authorization </WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="2002"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ATTACHED-TO> Min. of Advanced Education and Skills Training, BC</ATTACHED-TO>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">provides policy advice to the Min. on new degree
            programmes, quality assurance and related matters, makes recommendations concerning
            policies, criteria and guidelines</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chair.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Doug</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Owram</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.27062007.0010" TOWN="" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="27.06.2007, 02.04.2009, 20.03.2018" UPDATED="15.05.2020" PREVRETURNS="4.3.2010,03.02.2011,18.04.2012, 12.01.2015, 12.01.2016" RETURNED="06.01.2017" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Canadian Information Centre for International Credentials</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Michael Ringuette, Co-ordinator,
            <EMAIL>info@cicic.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>95 St Clair Ave W, Suite 1106, <CITY>Toronto</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> M4V
                1N6</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(437) 317-0626</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@cicic.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.cicic.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1990"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">provides information on Canada&amp;rsquo;s
            education systems and quality assurance; contributes to policy dialogue and analysis on
            acad. credential assessment, develops tools and resources to support acad. credential
            assessors </GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Co-ordinator</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Michael</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Ringuette</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Admin. Officer</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Noelline</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Ip Yam</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804181649.0001" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="18.04.2018" UPDATED="04.03.2022" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Maritime Provinces Higher Education Commission</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>82 Westmorland St, Suite 401, POB 6000, <CITY>Fredericton </CITY>, NB
                <POSTCODE>E3B 5H1</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(506) 453-2844</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>mphec@mphec.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.mphec.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1974"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">provides quality assurance services for
            publicly-funded univs in NB, NS, PE</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Catherine</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Stewart</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.201805071354.0001" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="07.05.2018" UPDATED="15.05.2020" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Ontario Universities Council on Quality Assurance</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>180 Dundas St W, Suite 1800, <CITY>Toronto</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> M5G
                1Z8</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(416) 979-2165</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@oucqa.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.oucqa.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="2010"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">oversees quality assurance processes for all
            levels of programmes in Ontario&amp;rsquo;s publicly assisted univs; reviews and
            approves proposals for new programmes</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chair.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Paul</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Gooch</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Sr Dir for Acad.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Ian</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Orchard</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804181633.0001" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="18.04.2018" UPDATED="15.05.2020" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Saskatchewan Higher Education Quality Assurance Board</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>c/o the Min. of Advanced Education, 1120&amp;ndash;2010 12th Ave,
                <CITY>Regina</CITY>, SK <POSTCODE>S4P 0M3</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(306) 787-1782</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@quality-assurance-sk.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>saskatchewan.ca/government/government-structure/boards-commissions-and-agencies/saskatchewan-higher-education-quality-assurance-board </WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="2012"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">oversees quality assurance review of instns
            seeking degree-granting status in Saskatchewan</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chair.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Kathleen</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>McNutt </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
    </SUB-LS-RI>
    <SUB-LS-RI ID="CA.0.4">
      <SUB-LS-RI-TITLE>Funding</SUB-LS-RI-TITLE>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804181508.0001" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="18.04.2018, 15.05.2020" UPDATED="11.07.2022" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Post-Secondary Education and Labour Market Outcomes, Manitoba</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>400&amp;ndash;800 Portage Ave, <CITY>Winnipeg</CITY>, MB <POSTCODE>
                R3G 0N4</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(204) 945-1833</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>pse-lmo@gov.mb.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.edu.gov.mb.ca/ald/index.html</WWW>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">allocates funds and provides grants to univs and
            colleges in Manitoba </GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Min. of Education and Training</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Wayne</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Ewasco</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
    </SUB-LS-RI>
    <SUB-LS-RI ID="CA.0.3">
      <SUB-LS-RI-TITLE>National Bodies</SUB-LS-RI-TITLE>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.200802201108.0001" TOWN="Halifax" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="20.02.2008, 18.5.2009, 20.03.2018" UPDATED="15.05.2020" PREVRETURNS="20.04.2010,10.02.2011,16.04.2012" RETURNED="04.02.2013" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Association of Atlantic Universities</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">Association des Universit&amp;eacute;s de l&amp;rsquo;Atlantique</SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Margaret Rao, Administrative Asst
              <EMAIL>mrao@atlanticuniversities.ca </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>5657 Spring Garden Rd, Suite 403, <CITY>Halifax</CITY>, NS
                <POSTCODE>B3J 3R4</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(902) 425-4230</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@atlanticuniversities.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.atlanticuniversities.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1964"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">voluntary assoc. of 16 univs in the Atlantic
            region of Canada and the West Indies; provides a forum for univ. exec. heads to
            collaborate and develop strategies</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Exec. Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Peter</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Halpin</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir of Operations</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Corina</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Kent</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="ES.200802201050.0001" TOWN="Sherbrooke" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="20.02.2008" UPDATED="15.05.2020" RETURNED="06.02.2017" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Association of Registrars of the Universities and Colleges of Canada
            (ARUCC)</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">Association des Registraires des Universit&amp;eacute;s et
            Coll&amp;egrave;ges du Canada</SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Annik Gelineau, Regional Rep. <EMAIL>annik.gelineau@umontreal.ca
            </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>POB 71157, Silver Springs, <CITY>Calgary</CITY>, AB <POSTCODE> T3B
                5K2</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(403) 541-0911</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@arucc.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.arucc.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1964"/>, present status 2018</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Romesh</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Vadivel</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Sec. and Treas.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Kam</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Holland</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.6.3" TOWN="Ottawa" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000000G" PREVUPDATES="5.7.2004; 17.08.2001, 15.01.2008, 20.03.2018, 15.05.2020" UPDATED="04.03.2022" PREVRETURNS="16.05.2011" RETURNED="10.01.2019" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Canadian Bureau for International Education</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">Bureau Canadien de l&amp;rsquo;Education Internationale</SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>220 Laurier W, Suite 1550, <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> K1P
                5Z9</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(613) 237-4820</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>communication@cbie.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.cbie.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1966"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">conducts research on int. education in Canada,
            provides scholarships, professional devt</GEN-INFO>
          <MEMBERS>
            <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="150"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
          </MEMBERS>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="300"/> vols and journals</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Larissa</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Bezo</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.30042001.0647" TOWN="" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000000F" PREVUPDATES="14.04.2008, 13.02.2009, 20.03.2018" UPDATED="27.05.2020" PREVRETURNS="15.06.2006; 20.04.2005, 05.04.2007, 08.02.2011,11.01.2012, 05.02.2013, 16.01.2014, 13.01.2015, 27.01.2016, 09.01.2017" RETURNED="10.01.2018" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Canadian Network for Innovation in Education (CNIE)</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">R&amp;eacute;seau Canadien pour l'Innovation en &amp;Eacute;ducation
            (RCI&amp;Eacute;)</SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Tim Howard, Dir for Admin.
            <EMAIL>cnie-rcie@cnie-rcie.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>260 Dalhousie St, Suite 204, <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> K1N
                7E4</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(613) 241-0018</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>cnie-rcie@cnie-rcie.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.cnie-rcie.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="2007"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">gives CNIE Leadership Award</GEN-INFO>
          <MEMBERS>
            <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="172"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
          </MEMBERS>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Afsaneh</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Sharif</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir for Admin.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Tim</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Howard</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <PUB-GRP>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Canadian Journal of Learning and Technology</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>3 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>International Journal of E-learning and Distance Education</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>3 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
          </PUB-GRP>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.200706121115.0004" TOWN="Ottawa" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000000D" PREVUPDATES="11.01.2008, 29.5.2009, 20.03.2018" UPDATED="27.05.2020" RETURNED="12.04.2011" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Colleges and Institutes Canada</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>1 Rideau St, Suite 701, <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> K1N
                8S7</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(613) 746-2222</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@collegesinstitutes.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.collegesinstitutes.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1972"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">advocates on behalf of mem institutions to govts,
            industry and stakeholders; assists in forming int. partnerships</GEN-INFO>
          <MEMBERS>
            <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="124"/> institutional mems</MEM-PTEXT>
          </MEMBERS>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Denise</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Amyot</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.200706121027.0001" TOWN="" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000000A" PREVUPDATES="11.01.2008,06.08.2012, 14.01.2014, 20.05.2016, 18.05.2017, 20.01.2017" UPDATED="20.03.2018" PREVRETURNS="19.04.2012, 30.04.2014" RETURNED="27.05.2020" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Council of Ministers of Education, Canada</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">Conseil des Ministres de l&amp;rsquo;&amp;Eacute;ducation (Canada) </SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Michael Ringuette, Information Officer <EMAIL>m.ringuette@cmec.ca
            </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>95 St Clair Ave W, Suite 1106, <CITY>Toronto</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> M4V
                1N6</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(416) 962-8100</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>information@cmec.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.cmec.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1967"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">represents provinces and territories on
            education-related int. bodies; sponsors research in education-related statistics;
            provides referral service to support the recognition and portability of educational and
            occupational qualifications; administers Canada's nat. official-languages
            programmes</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chair.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Hon.</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>R. J.</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Simpson </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Exec. Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Chantal C.</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Beaulieu</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.200706121043.0002" TOWN="" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000000B" PREVUPDATES="12.06.2007,06.08.2012, 14.01.2014, 16.06.2017, 20.03.2018, 27.05.2020, 15.06.2021" UPDATED="04.03.2022" RETURNED="18.01.2019" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>National Research Council of Canada (NRC)</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">Conseil National de Recherches Canada</SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>Bldg M-58, 1200 Montr&amp;eacute;al Rd, <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON
                <POSTCODE>K1A 0R6</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(613) 993-9101</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@nrc-cnrc.gc.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.nrc.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1916"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">provides scientific and technological information
            through the National Science Library and industrial support through Industrial Research
            Assistance Programme; 4 research and devt divs: emerging technologies, engineering, life
            sciences, transportation and manufacturing</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT>see under Libraries and Archives</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Iain</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Stewart</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Sec.-Gen.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Shannon</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Quinn</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.6.2" TOWN="Ottawa" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000000E" PREVUPDATES="11.01.2008, 05.06.2003; 17/08/01; 29.05.2002, 18.5.2009, 02.05.2018" UPDATED="27.05.2020" PREVRETURNS="15.06.2006; 01.06.2004; 01.06.2005;02.04.2007, 21.4.2010, 09.04.2010,08.02.2011,19.04.2012,25.04.2012, 11.02.2013, 13.01.2014, 04.02.2015, 12.01.2016, 09.01.2018" RETURNED="11.01.2019" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Universities Canada</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Renee Mindus, Publication Officer <EMAIL>rmindus@univcan.ca
            </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>1710&amp;ndash;350 Albert St, <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> K1R
                1B1</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(613) 563-1236</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@univcan.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.univcan.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1911"/>fmrly Asscn of Univ. and Colleges of
              Canada</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">advocates for Canadian Univs at the federal level;
            manages Govt-funded int. partnership programmes, scholarship programmes on behalf of
            private sector companies</GEN-INFO>
          <MEMBERS>
            <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="96"/> institutional mems, 12 assoc. mems</MEM-PTEXT>
          </MEMBERS>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chair.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Sophie</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>D'Amours</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Paul</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Davidson</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
    </SUB-LS-RI>
  </RRB-GRP>
  <LS-GRP ID="CA.1">
    <TITLE>Learned Societies</TITLE>
    <SUB-LS-RI ID="CA.1.1A">
      <SUB-LS-RI-TITLE TITLE="GENERAL"/>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.1.1" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000001" PREVUPDATES="29.05.2002"
        UPDATED="21.03.2018" RETURNED="03.01.2006" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Acad&amp;eacute;mie des Lettres du Qu&amp;eacute;bec</TITLE>
          <TRANS INDEX="1">Academy of Letters of Qu&amp;eacute;bec</TRANS>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>2275 rue Holt, Bureau R-75, <CITY>Montr&amp;eacute;al</CITY>, QC
                <POSTCODE>H2G 3H1</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(514) 873-4496</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>secretariat@academiedeslettresduquebec.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.academiedeslettresduquebec.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1944"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">organizes Rencontre
            Qu&amp;eacute;b&amp;eacute;coise Internationale des &amp;Eacute;crivains (Int. Meeting
            of Writers); coordinates readings in partnership with Biblioth&amp;egrave;que et
            Archives Nationales du Qu&amp;eacute;bec</GEN-INFO>
          <MEMBERS>
            <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="38"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
          </MEMBERS>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>&amp;Eacute;mile</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Martel</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Sec.-Gen.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Laurier</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Lacroix</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.1.2" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000002" PREVUPDATES="06.07.2004"
        UPDATED="21.03.2018" RETURNED="18.08.2005" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Cooperation Canada</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Kerolos Saleib, Communications Asst, <EMAIL>ksaleib@cooperation.ca
            </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>39 McArthur Ave, <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>K1L 8L7
              </POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(613) 241-7007</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@cooperation.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.cooperation.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1968"/> (fmrly Overseas Institute of Canada, f. 1961),
              current name adopted 2018</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">co-ordination centre for voluntary agencies
            working in int. devt; 3 working groups: Africa-Canada forum, Asia-Pacific working group,
            Americas policy group</GEN-INFO>
          <MEMBERS>
            <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="93"/> mem orgs</MEM-PTEXT>
          </MEMBERS>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Julia</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>S&amp;aacute;nchez</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.1.3" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000003" PREVUPDATES="06.07.2004, 21.03.2018"
        UPDATED="15.06.2021" RETURNED="20.04.2005" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Royal Canadian Academy of Arts (RCA)</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">Acad&amp;eacute;mie Royale des Arts du Canada (ARC)</SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>375&amp;ndash;401 Richmond St W, <CITY>Toronto</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>
                M5V 3A8</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(416) 408-2718</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@rca-arc.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.rca-arc.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1880"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">provides purchase grants to regional public
            galleries; awards RCA medal</GEN-INFO>
          <MEMBERS>
            <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="650"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
          </MEMBERS>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Robert</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Tombs</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Sec.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Joanne</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Charette</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.1.4" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000004" PREVUPDATES="06.07.2004"
        UPDATED="21.03.2018" PREVRETURNS="24.02.2011, 11.01.2016, 05.01.2021" RETURNED="05.01.2022"
        DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Royal Canadian Institute for Science</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Carrie Boyce, Exec. Dir</CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>6 Queen's Park Crescent W, RM 9, <CITY>Toronto</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>
                M5G 3H2</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(416) 977-2983</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>information@rciscience.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.rciscience.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1849"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">provides platform for public engagement with
            scientists</GEN-INFO>
          <MEMBERS>
            <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="500"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
          </MEMBERS>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chair.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Suzanne</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>MacDonald </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Exec. Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Carrie</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Boyce</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.1.5" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000005"
        PREVUPDATES="22/08/00; 06.07.2004, 19.05.2008, 12.09.2017, 21.03.2018" UPDATED="15.06.2021"
        PREVRETURNS="09.01.2018" RETURNED="09.01.2020" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Royal Society of Canada (RSC)</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">La Soci&amp;eacute;t&amp;eacute; Royale du Canada</SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Jo-Anne Sparkes, Exec. Asst
            <EMAIL>jsparkes@rsc-src.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>Walter House, 282 Somerset W, <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> K2P
                0J6</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(613) 991-6990</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>admin@rsc-src.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.rsc-src.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1883"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">3 bilingual acads: arts and humanities, science,
            social sciences; regional sec.: RSC Atlantic</GEN-INFO>
          <MEMBERS>
            <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="2500"/> fellows and college mems</MEM-PTEXT>
          </MEMBERS>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Jeremy</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>McNeil </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Exec. Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Darren</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Gilmour</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
    </SUB-LS-RI>
    <SUB-LS-RI ID="CA.1.2">
      <SUB-LS-RI-TITLE TITLE="AGRICULTUREFISHERIESANDVETERINARYSCIENCE"/>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.2.1" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000006" PREVUPDATES="21.03.2018"
        UPDATED="15.06.2021" RETURNED="04.05.2005" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Agricultural Institute of Canada (AIC)</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Alyson Queen, Dir for Communications, <EMAIL>aqueen@aic.ca
            </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>176 Gloucester St, Suite 320, <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> K2P
                0A6</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(613) 232-9459</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>office@aic.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.aic.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1920"/> as Canadian Soc. of Technical Agriculturists,
              current name adopted 1944</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">promotes cooperation and expertise sharing through
            Int. Agricultural Devt Programme; accredits univ. baccalaureate degrees in
            Canada&amp;rsquo;s 8 faculties of agriculture; offers AIC Fellowship Award</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Serge</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Buy</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Rajasekaran</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Lada</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <PUB-GRP>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Canadian Journal of Animal Science</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>4 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Canadian Journal of Plant Science</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>6 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Canadian Journal of Soil Science</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>4 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
          </PUB-GRP>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.2.2" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000007" PREVUPDATES="07/08/00" UPDATED="21.03.2018"
        PREVRETURNS="20.04.2004, 16.01.2013, 07.01.2014, 26.02.2016, 07.01.2017"
        RETURNED="09.01.2021" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Canadian Forestry Association</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">Association Foresti&amp;egrave;re Canadienne</SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Dave Lemkay, Gen. Man., <EMAIL>dlemkay@bell.net</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>6905 Highway 17 W, POB 99, <CITY>Mattawa</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> P0H
                1V0</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(705) 744-1715</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>admin@cif-ifc.org</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.cif-ifc.org</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1900"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">organizes Nat. Forest Week, Environthon </GEN-INFO>
          <MEMBERS>
            <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="354"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
          </MEMBERS>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Gen. Man.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Dave</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Lemkay</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.2.3" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000008" PREVUPDATES="22/08/00" UPDATED="21.03.2018"
        RETURNED="04.05.2005" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Canadian Society of Animal Science</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">
            <EMAIL>cwhipple@aic.ca</EMAIL>
          </CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>c/o Pres., Asst Prof. Dr Michael Steele, Dept of Agricultural, Food
              and Nutritional Sciences, Univ. of Alberta, 4&amp;ndash;10<REND TYPE="SC"> f</REND>
              Agriculture/Forestry Centre, <CITY>Edmonton</CITY>, AB <POSTCODE> T6G
              2P5</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(780) 248-1488</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@aic.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.asas.org/csas</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1925"/> as W Canadian Soc. of Animal Production, current
              name adopted 1971, present status 1996</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ATTACHED-TO> Agricultural Institute of Canada</ATTACHED-TO>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">liases with Canadian Ccl on Animal Care</GEN-INFO>
          <MEMBERS>
            <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="550"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
          </MEMBERS>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Michael</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Steele </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Sec. and Treas.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Clayton</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Robins</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <PUB-GRP>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Canadian Journal of Animal Science</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>4 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
          </PUB-GRP>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.2.4" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000009" UPDATED="21.03.2018" RETURNED="17/08/01"
        DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Canadian Veterinary Medical Association</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">L&amp;rsquo;Association Canadienne des M&amp;eacute;decins
            V&amp;eacute;t&amp;eacute;rinaires </SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Tanya Frye, Man., Communications and Public Relations, <EMAIL>
              tfrye@cvma-acmv.org</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>339 Booth St, <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>K1R 7K1
              </POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(613) 236-1162</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>admin@cvma-acmv.org</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.canadianveterinarians.net</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1948"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">promotes animal welfare and prevention of animal
            abuse, chapter in BC; offers CVMA awards</GEN-INFO>
          <MEMBERS>
            <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="7287"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
          </MEMBERS>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Troye </FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>McPherson </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Jost</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>am Rhyn</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <PUB-GRP>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Canadian Journal of Veterinary Research</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>4 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Canadian Veterinary Journal</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>12 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
          </PUB-GRP>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
    </SUB-LS-RI>
    <SUB-LS-RI ID="CA.1.3">
      <SUB-LS-RI-TITLE TITLE="ARCHITECTUREANDTOWNPLANNING"/>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.3.1" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000010" PREVUPDATES="29.05.2002, 02.07.2004"
        UPDATED="21.03.2018" PREVRETURNS="13.01.2015, 12.02.2016" RETURNED="14.02.2017" DP="NO"
        SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Canadian Society of Landscape Architects</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">Association des Architectes Paysagistes du Canada</SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Michelle Legault, Exec. Dir, <EMAIL>executive-director@csla-aapc.ca
            </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>12 Forillon Crescent, <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> K2M
                2W5</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(866) 781-9799</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>executive-director@csla-aapc.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.csla-aapc.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1934"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">advocates on issues such as urban design, urban
            renewal, sustainable devt, climate change, cultural heritage</GEN-INFO>
          <MEMBERS>
            <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="1900"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
          </MEMBERS>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Vincent</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Asselin</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Exec. Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Michelle</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Legault</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.3.2" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000011"
        PREVUPDATES="02.07.2004, 09.12.2015, 05.03.2018, 21.03.2018" UPDATED="15.06.2021"
        RETURNED="27.05.2005" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Royal Architectural Institute of Canada</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">Institut Royal d'Architecture du Canada</SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>330&amp;ndash;55 rue Murray, <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> K1N
                5M3</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(613) 241-3600</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@raic.org</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.raic.org</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1908"/> as The Architectural Institute of Canada, present
              name and status 1909</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">promotes sustainable design, task forces on
            age-friendly housing, regenerative environments</GEN-INFO>
          <MEMBERS>
            <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="4925"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
          </MEMBERS>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>John</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Brown</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Mike</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Brennan</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
    </SUB-LS-RI>
    <SUB-LS-RI ID="CA.1.4">
      <SUB-LS-RI-TITLE TITLE="BIBLIOGRAPHYLIBRARYSCIENCEANDMUSEOLOGY"/>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.4.1" TOWN="Montreal" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000012"
        PREVUPDATES="17/08/01, 22/08/00, 18.5.2009, 21.03.2018" UPDATED="08.12.2021"
        PREVRETURNS="15.04.2003, 11.05.2004" RETURNED="29.03.2017" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Association pour l&amp;rsquo;Avancement des Sciences et des Techniques de la
            Documentation</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">ASTED Inc.</SUPP>
          <TRANS INDEX="1" TOWN="Montreal">Association for the Advancement of Documentation Sciences
            and Techniques</TRANS>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Lionel Villalonga, CEO,
            <EMAIL>lvillalonga@asted.org</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>2065 rue Parthenais, Bureau 387, <CITY>Montr&amp;eacute;al</CITY>, QC
                <POSTCODE>H2K 3T1</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(514) 281-5012</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@asted.org</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.asted.org</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1973"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <MEMBERS>
            <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="500"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
          </MEMBERS>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Prof.</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>R&amp;eacute;jean</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME> Savard</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Carole</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Urbain</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <PUB-GRP>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Documentation et Biblioth&amp;egrave;ques</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>4 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
          </PUB-GRP>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.4.2" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000013"
        PREVUPDATES="17/08/01, 02.09.2004, 13.8.2009, 21.03.2018" UPDATED="15.06.2021"
        PREVRETURNS="15.06.2006; 29.05.2002; 02.09.2004;02.04.2007, 17.03.2010,01.02.2011, 11.02.2012, 16.05.2012, 21.04.2013, 18.02.2014"
        RETURNED="12.01.2015" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Bibliographical Society of Canada</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">La Soci&amp;eacute;t&amp;eacute; Bibliographique du Canada</SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Andrew Stewart, Sec. <EMAIL>secretary@bsc-sbc.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>360 Bloor St W, POB 19035, Walmer, <CITY>Toronto</CITY>, ON
                <POSTCODE>M5S 3C9</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <EMAIL>secretary@bsc-sbc.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.bsc-sbc.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1947"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">promotes the preservation and conservation of MSS,
            archival and published materials in various formats</GEN-INFO>
          <MEMBERS>
            <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="260"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
          </MEMBERS>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Chris</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Young</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Sec.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Andrew</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Stewart</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <PUB-GRP>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Papers</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>Cahiers, 2 a year, in English and French</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
          </PUB-GRP>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.4.3" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000014"
        PREVUPDATES="29.05.2002;17/08/01; 22/08/00, 02.07.2004" UPDATED="21.03.2018" DP="NO"
        SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Canadian Association of Law Libraries</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">
            <EMAIL>membership@callacbd.ca</EMAIL>
          </CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>411 Richmond St E, Suite 200, <CITY>Toronto</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> M5A
                3S5</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(647) 346-8723</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>office@callacbd.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.callacbd.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1961"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <MEMBERS>
            <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="400"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
          </MEMBERS>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Ann Marie</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Melvie</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Sec.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Jennifer</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Walker</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <PUB-GRP>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Canadian Law Library Review</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>4 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
          </PUB-GRP>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.4.5" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000016" PREVUPDATES="08.02.2021"
        UPDATED="15.06.2021" PREVRETURNS="17/08/01; 22.04.2004, 21.03.2018" RETURNED="27.05.2005"
        DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Canadian Museums Association</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">Association des Mus&amp;eacute;es Canadiens</SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Lynda McConnell, Senior Communications Officer
              <EMAIL>lmcconnell@museums.ca </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>280 Metcalfe St, Suite 400, <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> K2P
                1R7</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(613) 567-0099</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@museums.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.museums.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1947"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">awards Barbara A. Tyler Award in Museum
            Leadership; organizes CMA Nat. Conference, Museum Enterprises Conference; supports and
            advocates for 2,700 museums in Canada</GEN-INFO>
          <MEMBERS>
            <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="2000"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
          </MEMBERS>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Michael</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Wallace</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Exec. Dir and CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Vanda</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Vitali </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
    </SUB-LS-RI>
    <SUB-LS-RI ID="CA.1.5">
      <SUB-LS-RI-TITLE TITLE="ECONOMICSLAWANDPOLITICS"/>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.5.1" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000017" PREVUPDATES="02.07.2004, 09.09.2004"
        UPDATED="22.03.2018" PREVRETURNS="05.02.2010,10.01.2011, 24.04.2012" RETURNED="26.02.2013"
        DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Canadian Bar Association</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">L&amp;rsquo;Association du Barreau Canadien</SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">
            <EMAIL>memberservice@cba.org</EMAIL>
          </CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>500&amp;ndash;865 Carling Ave, <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> K1S
                5S8</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(613) 237-1988</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@cba.org</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.cba.org</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1914"/>, present status 1921</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">brs in Alberta, BC, Manitoba, NB, NL, NW
            Territories, NS, Nunavut, Ontario, PE, Qu&amp;eacute;bec, Saskatchewan, Yukon</GEN-INFO>
          <MEMBERS>
            <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="36000"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
          </MEMBERS>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Kerry L.</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Simmons</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Raymond</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Adlington</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <PUB-GRP>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Canadian International Lawyer</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>2 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Canadian Bar Review</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>3 a yearr</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
          </PUB-GRP>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.5.3" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000018" PREVUPDATES="02.07.2004"
        UPDATED="22.03.2018" PREVRETURNS="25.04.2007" RETURNED="09.01.2013" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Canadian Economics Association</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">Association Canadienne d'&amp;Eacute;conomique</SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Francisco Ruge-Murcia, Canadian Journal of Economics Editorial
            Office, <EMAIL>cje.cpp@gmail.com</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>c/o Vivian Tran, Exec. Dir, Univ. of British Columbia,
              137&amp;ndash;2053 Main Mall, <CITY>Vancouver</CITY>, BC <POSTCODE>V6T
              1Z2</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(604) 822-1447</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>cea.execdir@gmail.com</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.economics.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1966"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">awards John Rae Prize, Doug Purvis Memorial
            Prize</GEN-INFO>
          <MEMBERS>
            <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="2000"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
          </MEMBERS>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Frances</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Woolley</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Exec. Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Vivian </FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Tran</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Sec. and Treas.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Werner</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Antweiler</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <PUB-GRP>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Canadian Journal of Economics</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>Revue Canadienne d&amp;rsquo;Economique, in English and French
              </ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Canadian Public Policy</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>Analyse de Politique, 4 a year, in English and French</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
          </PUB-GRP>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.5.4" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000019" PREVUPDATES="02.07.2004"
        UPDATED="22.03.2018" RETURNED="15.06.2006" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Canadian Institute of Chartered Accountants</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">
            <EMAIL>volunteers@cpacanada.ca. </EMAIL>
          </CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>277 Wellington St W, <CITY>Toronto</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> M5V
                3H2</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(416) 977-3222</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>member.services@cpacanada.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.cica.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1902"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">offices in&amp;nbsp;Burnaby, Montr&amp;eacute;al,
            Ottawa; supports setting of accounting, auditing and assurance standards for businesses,
            not-for-profit orgs, govt</GEN-INFO>
          <MEMBERS>
            <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="210000"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
          </MEMBERS>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chair.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Terry</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>LeBlanc</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Joy</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Thomas</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.5.5" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000020" PREVUPDATES="07/08/00, 22.03.2018"
        UPDATED="15.06.2021" RETURNED="11.05.2004" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Canadian International Council</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">Conseil International du Canada</SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Media Inquiries, <EMAIL>media@thecic.org</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>6 Hoskin Ave, <CITY>Toronto</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>M5S 1H8
              </POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>15 Devonshire Pl., Room 210, <CITY>Toronto</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> M5S
                1H8</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(416) 977-9000</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@thecic.org</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.thecic.org</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1928"/> as Canadian Institute of Int. Affairs, current
              name adopted 2006</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">discusses int. devts and their implications for
            Canadian foreign policy; conducts research in the areas of global populism,
            protectionism and polarisation; real and imagined security threats</GEN-INFO>
          <MEMBERS>
            <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="1400"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
          </MEMBERS>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="8000"/> vols</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and Research Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Ben</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Rowswell</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <PUB-GRP>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>International Journal</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>4 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
          </PUB-GRP>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.5.6" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000021" PREVUPDATES="05.02.2008, 24.6.2009"
        UPDATED="22.03.2018"
        PREVRETURNS="18.07.2006; 21.04.2004; 03.05.2005, 04.02.2010,03.02.2011, 17.01.2012, 23.01.2013, 25.01.2016, 10.01.2017"
        RETURNED="12.01.2018" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Canadian Political Science Association</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">Association Canadienne de Science Politique</SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Michelle Hopkins, Administrator, <EMAIL>cpsa-acsp@cpsa-acsp.ca
            </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>260 Dalhousie St, Suite 204, <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> K1N
                7E4</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(613) 562-1202</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>cpsa-acsp@cpsa-acsp.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.cpsa-acsp.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1912"/>, present status 1971</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">runs the Parliamentary Internship Programme and
            Ontario Legislative Internship Programme</GEN-INFO>
          <MEMBERS>
            <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="1300"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
          </MEMBERS>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Exec. Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Silvina</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Danesi</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Administrator</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Michelle</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Hopkins</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <PUB-GRP>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Canadian Journal of Political Science</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>Revue Canadienne de Science Politique, 4 a year, in English and
                French</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
          </PUB-GRP>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
    </SUB-LS-RI>
    <SUB-LS-RI ID="CA.1.6">
      <SUB-LS-RI-TITLE TITLE="EDUCATION"/>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.6.4" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000026"
        PREVUPDATES="05.02.2008;02.04.2009, 22.03.2018" UPDATED="04.03.2022"
        PREVRETURNS="23.04.2007,25.01.2010,24.05.2011, 18.02.2011, 10.01.2012, 08.01.2013"
        RETURNED="29.05.2014" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Canadian Education Association</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">EdCan Network</SUPP>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">Association Canadienne d&amp;rsquo;Education</SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">St&amp;eacute;phane Lachance, Digital Marketing Officer </CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>60 St Clair Ave E, Suite 703, <CITY>Toronto</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> M4T
                1N5</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(416) 591-6300</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@edcan.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.edcan.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1891"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <MEMBERS>
            <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="300"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
          </MEMBERS>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Max</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Cooke</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.6.5" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000027" PREVUPDATES="25.03.2008, 02.04.2009"
        UPDATED="22.03.2018"
        PREVRETURNS="15.06.2006; 15.08.2000; 23.07.2002; 20.04.2005, 05.04.2007,16.02.2011, 17.01.2012, 08.01.2013, 17.01.2014, 14.01.2015, 13.01.2016, 08.01.2017, 10.01.2018"
        RETURNED="10.01.2019" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Canadian Society for the Study of Education</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Tim Howard, Dir for Admin.</CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>260 Dalhousie St, Suite 204, <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> K1N
                7E4</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(613) 241-0018</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>csse-scee@csse.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.csse-scee.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1972"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <MEMBERS>
            <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="1000"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
          </MEMBERS>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir for Admin.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Tim G. </FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Howard</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <PUB-GRP>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Canadian Journal of Education</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>4 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
          </PUB-GRP>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
    </SUB-LS-RI>
    <SUB-LS-RI ID="CA.1.7">
      <SUB-LS-RI-TITLE TITLE="FINEANDPERFORMINGARTS"/>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.7.1" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000028"
        PREVUPDATES="05.07.2004, 29.05.2002, 11.04.2011, 12.5.2009, 22.03.2018" UPDATED="15.06.2021"
        RETURNED="12.01.2016" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Canada Council for the Arts</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">Conseil des Arts du Canada</SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Information Officer <EMAIL>info@canadacouncil.ca </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>150 Elgin St, POB 1047, <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> K1P
                5V8</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(613) 566-4414</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@canadacouncil.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.canadacouncil.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1957"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">provides grants and services to professional
            Canadian artists and arts orgs; maintains secretariat for Canadian Commission for
            UNESCO; administers Public Lending Right Comm. and Canada Council Art Bank; administers
            Killam Program of prizes and fellowships to Canadian research scholars, awards Governor
            General&amp;rsquo;s Literary Awards, Governor General's Awards in Visual and Media
            Arts</GEN-INFO>
          <MEMBERS>
            <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="11"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
          </MEMBERS>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir and CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <VERBATIM-NAME>Simon Brault</VERBATIM-NAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.7.2" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000029" PREVUPDATES="05.07.2004"
        UPDATED="22.03.2018" PREVRETURNS="13.04.2012, 08.01.2013" RETURNED="06.01.2020" DP="NO"
        SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Canadian Film Institute</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">Institut Canadien du Film</SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Tom McSorley, Exec. Dir</CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>2 rue Daly Ave, Suite 120, <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> K1N
                6E2</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(613) 232-6727</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@cfi-icf.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.cfi-icf.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1935"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">hosts annual film festivals: Ottawa International
            Animation Festival, European Union Film Festival, Bright Nights, African Film Festival,
            Latin American Film Festival; curates Canadian film programmes
            internationally</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Exec. Dir </JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Tom</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>McSorley</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Man. Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Kelly</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Neall</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.7.3" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000030" PREVUPDATES="29.05.2002, 18.5.2009"
        UPDATED="22.03.2018" RETURNED="21.04.2004" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Canadian Music Centre</TITLE>
          <TRANS INDEX="1">Centre de Musique Canadienne</TRANS>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Karen Hildebrandt, Admin. Asst, <EMAIL>khildebrandt@musiccentre.ca
            </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>20 St Joseph St, <CITY>Toronto</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>M4Y
              1J9</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(416) 961-6601</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@musiccentre.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.musiccentre.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1959"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">regional offices in BC, Prairie region, Ontario,
            Qu&amp;eacute;bec, Atlantic region</GEN-INFO>
          <MEMBERS>
            <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="700"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
          </MEMBERS>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="20000"/> vols, 15,000 scores</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Glenn</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Hodgins</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.201805101459.0001" TOWN="Toronto" INDEX="Y" UPDATED="10.05.2018"
        RETURNED="07.01.2022" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>MusCan&amp;mdash;Canadian University Music Society</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Jon-Tomas Godin, Pres.,
            <EMAIL>president@muscan.org</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>39 Bader Lane, Harrison LeCaine Hall, <CITY>Kingston</CITY>, ON
                <POSTCODE>K7L 3N6</POSTCODE>
            </VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <EMAIL>office@muscan.org</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.muscan.org</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1965"/> as Canadian Association of University Schools of
              Music/Association Canadienne des &amp;Eacute;coles Universitaires de Musique, present
              name and status 1989</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">supports post-secondary music programmes through
            the Standing Cttee of Instnl Mems; presents SOCAN Foundation/George Proctor Prize, SOCAN
            Foundation/MUSCAN Award of Excellence for the Advancement of Research in Canadian
            Music</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Jon-Tomas</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Godin</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Sec.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Michelle</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Boyd</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <PUB-GRP>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Intersections: Canadian Journal of Music</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>2 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
          </PUB-GRP>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.7.4" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000031"
        PREVUPDATES="05.07.2004, 06.01.2009, 24.06.2009" UPDATED="22.03.2018"
        PREVRETURNS="15.04.2011, 08.05.2012, 23.01.2013, 30.04.2014, 14.05.2014, 21.01.2015, 28.01.2016, 20.01.2017, 28.02.2018, 13.01.2021, 13.01.2022"
        RETURNED="05.01.2023" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Sculptors&amp;rsquo; Society of Canada</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">La Soci&amp;eacute;t&amp;eacute; des Sculpteurs du Canada</SUPP>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">Canadian Sculpture Centre</SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Judi Michelle Young, Pres.,
            <EMAIL>cansculpt@gmail.com</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>19 Mill St, The Distillery Dist, <CITY>Toronto</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>
                M5A 3R3</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(647) 435-5858</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>cansculpt@gmail.com</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.sculptorssocietyofcanada.org</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1928"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Judi Michelle</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Young</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Sec.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Marlene</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Kawalez</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
    </SUB-LS-RI>
    <SUB-LS-RI ID="CA.1.8">
      <SUB-LS-RI-TITLE TITLE="HISTORYGEOGRAPHYANDARCHAEOLOGY"/>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.8.2" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000035" PREVUPDATES="17.08.01, 05.07.2004"
        UPDATED="22.03.2018" PREVRETURNS="11.02.2021" RETURNED="19.01.2023" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Canadian Association of Geographers</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">Association Canadienne des G&amp;eacute;ographes</SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Philip Thibault, Exec. Co-ordinator, <EMAIL>info@cag-acg.ca
            </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>POB 25039, Rose City RPO, <CITY>Welland</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> L3B
                5V0</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(905) 931-3199</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@cag-acg.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.cag-acg.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1951"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">incl. Atlantic Div., Qu&amp;eacute;bec Div.,
            Ontario Div., Prairie Div., W Div.; awards Robin P. Armstrong Memorial Prize for
            Excellence in Indigenous Studies</GEN-INFO>
          <MEMBERS>
            <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="800"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
          </MEMBERS>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Nathalie</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Gravel</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Sec. and Treas.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Joseph</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Leydon</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <PUB-GRP>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Canadian Geographer (TCG)</JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Western Geography</JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
          </PUB-GRP>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.8.3" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000036"
        PREVUPDATES="13.05.2003, 07/08/00; 17/08/01, 18.5.2009, 23.03.2018" UPDATED="15.06.2021"
        PREVRETURNS="01.06.2004" RETURNED="09.02.2011" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Canadian Historical Association</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">Soci&amp;eacute;t&amp;eacute; Historique du Canada</SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Michel Duquet, Exec. Dir <EMAIL>cha-shc@cha-shc.ca
            </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>1912&amp;ndash;130 Albert St, <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> K1P
                5G4</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(613) 233-7885</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>cha-shc@cha-shc.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>cha-shc.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1922"/>, present status 1970</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">awards Queen Elizabeth II Diamond Jubilee Medal,
            Fran&amp;ccedil;ois-Xavier Garneau Medal, Sir John A. Macdonald Prize, Wallace K.
            Ferguson Prize</GEN-INFO>
          <MEMBERS>
            <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="1200"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
          </MEMBERS>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Penny</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Bryden</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Exec. Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Michel</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Duquet </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <PUB-GRP>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Journal of the Canadian Historical Association/Revue de la
                Soci&amp;eacute;t&amp;eacute; Historique du Canada</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>2 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
          </PUB-GRP>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.8.6" TOWN="Montr&amp;eacute;al" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000039"
        PREVUPDATES="29.05.2002;22.05.2009" UPDATED="23.03.2018"
        PREVRETURNS="17.06.2008; 20.04.2009, 21.01.2010, 05.02.2014, 21.04.2015, 08.03.2016"
        RETURNED="24.04.2018" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Institut d&amp;rsquo;Histoire de l&amp;rsquo;Am&amp;eacute;rique
            Fran&amp;ccedil;aise </TITLE>
          <TRANS INDEX="1">Institute of History of French America</TRANS>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Mathieu Lapointe, Co-ordinator, </CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>D&amp;eacute;partement d&amp;rsquo;Histoire, Univ. de
              Montr&amp;eacute;al, CP 6128, succursale Centre-ville,
                <CITY>Montr&amp;eacute;al</CITY>, QC <POSTCODE> H3C
              3J7</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(514) 343-6111</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>ihaf@ihaf.qc.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.ihaf.qc.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1946"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <MEMBERS>
            <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="340"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
          </MEMBERS>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Prof.</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Brigitte</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME> Caulier</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Sec.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Fr&amp;eacute;d&amp;eacute;ric</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Lemieux</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <PUB-GRP>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Revue d&amp;rsquo;Histoire de l&amp;rsquo;Am&amp;eacute;rique
                Fran&amp;ccedil;aise </JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>4 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
          </PUB-GRP>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.8.7" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000040" PREVUPDATES="29.05.2002"
        UPDATED="23.03.2018" RETURNED="14.05.2004" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Ontario Historical Society</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Rob Leverty, Exec. Dir, <EMAIL>rleverty@ontariohistoricalsociety.ca
            </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>John McKenzie House, 34 Parkview Ave, <CITY>Willowdale</CITY>,
                ON<POSTCODE>M2N 3Y2</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(416) 226-9011</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>ohs@ontariohistoricalsociety.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.ontariohistoricalsociety.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1888"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">runs and maintains Ontario heritage directory and
            map</GEN-INFO>
          <MEMBERS>
            <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="3000"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
          </MEMBERS>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="4700"/> vols</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Caroline</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Di Cocco</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Exec. Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Rob</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Leverty</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <PUB-GRP>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Ontario History</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>2 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
          </PUB-GRP>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.8.8" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000041"
        PREVUPDATES="16.05.2008, 05.09.2002; 05.07.2004, 18.5.2009" UPDATED="23.03.2018"
        PREVRETURNS="15.06.2006, 10.4.2010, 17.03.2010,24.01.2011, 24.01.2012, 13.04.2012, 23.01.2013, 04.02.2014, 12.01.2016, 18.01.2017"
        RETURNED="12.01.2018" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Royal Canadian Geographical Society</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">Soci&amp;eacute;t&amp;eacute; G&amp;eacute;ographique Royale du Canada
          </SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Sandra Smith, Exec. Asst to CEO, <EMAIL>smith@canadiangeographic.ca
            </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>1155 Lola St, Suite 200, <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> K1K
                4C1</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(613) 745-4629</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>rcgs@rcgs.org</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.rcgs.org</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1929"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">research grants and scholarships incl. James
            Bourque Northern Doctoral Scholarship, James Maxwell Human Geography Scholarship, RCGS
            Graduate Research Scholarships, RCGS Independent Research Grants, David Thompson Grant
            for Research in Canadian Cartography; offers Canadian Geographic Education
            programme</GEN-INFO>
          <MEMBERS>
            <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="204000"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
          </MEMBERS>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Gavin</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Fitch</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>John</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Geiger</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.8.9" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000042" PREVUPDATES="05.07.2004"
        UPDATED="10.05.2018"
        PREVRETURNS="17.04.2012, 22.01.2014, 29.03.2018, 12.01.2019, 29.01.2020,11.02.2021"
        RETURNED="17.01.2022" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Royal Nova Scotia Historical Society</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Tanja Harrison, Vice-Pres. Publicity<EMAIL>barbourv@gov.ns.ca
            </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>POB 2622, <CITY>Halifax</CITY>, NS <POSTCODE>B3J
              3P7</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <EMAIL>info@rnshs.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.rnshs.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1878"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <MEMBERS>
            <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="250"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
          </MEMBERS>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Lois</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Yorke</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <PUB-GRP>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Journal</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>1 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
          </PUB-GRP>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.8.10" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000043"
        PREVUPDATES="13.05.2003, 07/08/00, 18.5.2009" UPDATED="23.03.2018"
        PREVRETURNS="06.04.2005, 13.04.2010,15.02.2011" RETURNED="24.04.2012" DP="NO"
        SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Soci&amp;eacute;t&amp;eacute; G&amp;eacute;n&amp;eacute;alogique Canadienne
            Fran&amp;ccedil;aise </TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">French-Canadian Genealogical Society</SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Michelle Perreault, Dir-Gen.,
            <EMAIL>info@sgcf.com</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>3440 rue Davidson, <CITY>Montr&amp;eacute;al</CITY>, QC <POSTCODE> H1W
                2Z5</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(514) 527-1010</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@sgcf.com</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.sgcf.com</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1943"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">studies and publs on the origins and history of
            French Canadian families since 1615</GEN-INFO>
          <MEMBERS>
            <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="2500"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
          </MEMBERS>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="21300"/> vols, 3m. cards on marriages, 4,500 microfilms
            </LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Richard</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Masson</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir-Gen.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Micheline</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Perreault</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <PUB-GRP>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>M&amp;eacute;moires de la Soci&amp;eacute;t&amp;eacute;
                G&amp;eacute;n&amp;eacute;alogique Canadienne-Fran&amp;ccedil;aise</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>4 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
          </PUB-GRP>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.8.11" TOWN="Kitchener" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000044"
        PREVUPDATES="01.05.2008, 07.08.2000; 17.08.2001; 13.05.2003;18.5.2009" UPDATED="23.03.2018"
        PREVRETURNS="30.06.2005, 21.01.2010,11.03.2011, 16.01.2012, 08.01.2013, 05.03.2014, 18.01.2015, 13.01.2016, 23.01.2017, 09.01.2018"
        RETURNED="08.01.2019" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Waterloo Historical Society</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Karen Ball-Pyatt, Archivist <EMAIL>karen.ball-pyatt@kpl.org
            </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>c/o Grace Schmidt Room, 85 Queen St N, <CITY>Kitchener</CITY>, ON
                <POSTCODE>N2H 2H1</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(519) 743-0271</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>whs@whs.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.whs.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1912"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">documents history of Waterloo region incl. the
            cities of Cambridge, Kitchener and Waterloo, the townships of N Dumfries, Wellesley,
            Wilmot and Woolwich</GEN-INFO>
          <MEMBERS>
            <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="230"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
          </MEMBERS>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>John</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Glass</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Archivist</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Karen</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Ball-Pyatt</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
    </SUB-LS-RI>
    <SUB-LS-RI ID="CA.1.9">
      <SUB-LS-RI-TITLE TITLE="LANGUAGEANDLITERATURE"/>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.291" TOWN="Ottawa" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000044A" PREVUPDATES="22.12.2008"
        UPDATED="23.03.2018" PREVRETURNS="13.04.2012" RETURNED="06.05.2021" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Alliance Fran&amp;ccedil;aise</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Alain Landry, Pres. </CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>352 MacLaren St, <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>K2P 0M6
              </POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(613) 234-9470</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>com@af.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.af.ca/ottawa/en</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1905"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">offers courses and examinations in French language
            and culture and promotes cultural exchange with France; attached offices in Calgary,
            Edmonton, Halifax, Manitoba, Markham, Mississauga, Moncton, North York, Oakville,
            Toronto, Vancouver, Victoria</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Michel</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Tremblay</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Samuel</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Coeytaux</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.292" TOWN="Ottawa" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000044B"
        PREVUPDATES="16.05.2008, 18.5.2009" UPDATED="23.03.2018"
        PREVRETURNS="28.07.2006, 04.02.2010,15.02.2011, 16.04.2012, 22.03.2013"
        RETURNED="14.01.2015" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>British Council</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Marissa Real, Exec. Asst, <EMAIL>marissa.real@britishcouncil.org
            </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>British High Commission, 80 Elgin St, <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON
                <POSTCODE>K1P 5K7</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <EMAIL>education.enquiries@ca.britishcouncil.org</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.britishcouncil.org/canada</WWW>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">also office in Toronto; promotes education in and
            cultural exchange with the UK</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Mariya</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Afzal</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.9.1" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000045" PREVUPDATES="17.08.2001, 05.07.2004"
        UPDATED="23.03.2018"
        PREVRETURNS="09.05.2005, 13.02.2013, 21.01.2014, 11.03.2015, 09.03.2016, 08.05.2021"
        RETURNED="11.01.2023" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Canadian Authors Association</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Brandi Tanner, Admin. Dir, <EMAIL>office@canadianauthors.org
            </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>19 Machell Ave, <CITY>Aurora</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>L4G 2R6
              </POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(877) 905-1921</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>admin@canadianauthors.org</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.canadianauthors.org</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1921"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">brs in BC, National Capital Region, Niagara,
            Peterborough and Toronto </GEN-INFO>
          <MEMBERS>
            <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="600"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
          </MEMBERS>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Admin. Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Brandi</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Tanner</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <PUB-GRP>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Canadian Writers Guide</JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>In All Directions</JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Raw Elements</JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
          </PUB-GRP>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.9.2" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000046" PREVUPDATES="29.05.2002, 05.07.2004"
        UPDATED="23.03.2018" PREVRETURNS="17.08.2001, 13.05.2005,31.05.2011" RETURNED="11.04.2012"
        DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Canadian Linguistic Association</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">Association Canadienne de Linguistique</SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Ileana Paul, Sec. <EMAIL>ileana@uwo.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>c/o Pres., Dept of French, Univ. of New Brunswick, Room 134, Tilley
              Hall, POB 4400, <CITY>Fredericton</CITY>, NB <POSTCODE>E3B 5A3
              </POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <EMAIL>cicho@unb.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.cla-acl.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1955"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <MEMBERS>
            <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="220"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
          </MEMBERS>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Diane</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Massam</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Sec.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Fran&amp;ccedil;ois</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Poir&amp;eacute;</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <PUB-GRP>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Canadian Journal of Linguistics/Revue Canadienne de Linguistique </JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>3 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
          </PUB-GRP>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.293" TOWN="Montr&amp;eacute;al" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000046A"
        PREVUPDATES="18.5.2009" UPDATED="23.03.2018"
        PREVRETURNS="18/02/2010,01.02.2011, 12.04.2012, 21.08.2012, 22.08.2012, 30.05.2013"
        RETURNED="01.03.2017" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Goethe-Institut</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Marie-Pierre Poulin , Information and Library,
              <EMAIL>bibliothek-montreal@goethe.de </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>1626 Blvd St-Laurent, Suite 100, <CITY>Montr&amp;eacute;al</CITY>, QC
                <POSTCODE>H2X 2T1</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(514) 499-0159</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@montreal.goethe.org</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.goethe.de/ins/ca/fr/sta/mon.html?wt_sc=montreal</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1962"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">offers courses and examinations in German language
            and culture and promotes cultural exchange with Germany; attached centres in Ottawa,
            Toronto </GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="7500"/> vols, 20 periodicals</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Katja</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Melzer</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.9.3" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000047"
        PREVUPDATES="29.05.2002, 05.07.2004, 23.03.2018" UPDATED="08.12.2021"
        PREVRETURNS="15.04.2010, 16.04.2012, 18.01.2017" RETURNED="09.02.2022" DP="NO"
        SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>PEN Canada</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Theresa Johnson, Office Man., <EMAIL> tjohnson@pencanada.ca
            </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>401 Richmond St W, Suite 244, <CITY>Toronto</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> M5V
                3A8</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(416) 703-8448</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>queries@pencanada.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.pencanada.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1983"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">defends freedom of expression and helps exiled
            writers</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Grace</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Westcott</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Exec. Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Brendan</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>de Caires</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
    </SUB-LS-RI>
    <SUB-LS-RI ID="CA.1.10">
      <SUB-LS-RI-TITLE TITLE="MEDICINE"/>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.10.3" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000050" PREVUPDATES="17/08/01"
        UPDATED="26.03.2018" PREVRETURNS="12.04.2010, 31.03.2014, 28.04.2016" RETURNED="12.04.2018"
        DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Canadian Association of Optometrists</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Marie-Therese Robinson, Office Man.</CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>234 Argyle Ave, <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>K2P 1B9
              </POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(613) 235-7924</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@opto.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.opto.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1941"/>, present status 1948</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <MEMBERS>
            <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="5000"/> mems, 10 provincial mem. assocs</MEM-PTEXT>
          </MEMBERS>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Michael</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Dennis </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Laurie</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Clement</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <PUB-GRP>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Canadian Journal of Optometry/Revue Canadienne
                d&amp;rsquo;Optom&amp;eacute;trie </JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>4 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
          </PUB-GRP>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.10.4" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000051"
        PREVUPDATES="06.07.2004; 17.08.2001, 30.09.2004" UPDATED="26.03.2018" RETURNED="30.09.2004"
        DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Canadian Dental Association</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="0">Association Dentaire Canadienne</SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>1815 Alta Vista Dr., <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> K1G
                3Y6</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(613) 523-1770</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>reception@cda-adc.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.cda-adc.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1902"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">operates Consumer Product Recognition programme,
            Dental Aptitude Test programme</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr </ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Larry</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Levin </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <PUB-GRP>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Journal of the Canadian Dental Association</JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
          </PUB-GRP>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.10.5" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000052" UPDATED="26.03.2018" RETURNED="21.06.2004"
        DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Canadian Lung Association</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">V. McKay <EMAIL>vmckay@lung.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>885 Meadowlands Dr., Suite 502, <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> K2C
                3N2</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(888) 566-5864</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@lung.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.lung.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1900"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">provincial asscns: Alberta and NW Territories, BC,
            Manitoba, NB, NL, NS, Ontario, PE, Qu&amp;eacute;bec, Saskatchewan; health professional
            socs: Canadian Thoracic Society, Canadian Respiratory Health Professionals</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Terry</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Dean</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.10.6" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000053"
        PREVUPDATES="17/08/01, 12.04.2006, 26.03.2018" UPDATED="15.06.2021" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Canadian Medical Association</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">The Library</CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>1867 Alta Vista Dr., <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> K1G
                5W8</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(613) 731-8610</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>memberservicecentre@cma.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.cma.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1867"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">produces policy documents on ethics and medical
            professionalism, health care and patient safety, health human resources, health
            information and e-health, health systems, system funding and performance,
            pharmaceuticals and drugs, physician practice and compensation, public health and
            population </GEN-INFO>
          <MEMBERS>
            <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="85000"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
          </MEMBERS>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Tim</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Smith</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <PUB-GRP>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Canadian Journal of Rural Medicine</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>4 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Canadian Journal of Surgery </JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>6 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>CMAJ</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>50 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>CMAJ Open</JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Journal of Psychiatry and Neuroscience</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>6 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
          </PUB-GRP>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.10.12" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000059" PREVUPDATES="06.07.2004"
        UPDATED="26.03.2018" PREVRETURNS="26.02.2020" RETURNED="19.01.2021" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Canadian Nutrition Society</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">Soci&amp;eacute;t&amp;eacute; Canadienne de Nutrition</SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Andrea Grantham, Exec.
            Dir<EMAIL>andrea@cns-scn.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>1867 La Chapelle St, <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> K1C
                6A8</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <EMAIL>info@cns-scn.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.cns-scn.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="2010"/> by merger of Canadian Soc. for Clinical Nutrition
              and Canadian Soc. for Nutritional Sciences</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <MEMBERS>
            <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="1000"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
          </MEMBERS>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Alison</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Duncan </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Exec. Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Andrea</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Grantham</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <PUB-GRP>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Canadian Journal of Physiology and Pharmacology</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>12 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
          </PUB-GRP>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.10.7" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000054" PREVUPDATES="29.05.2002, 06.07.2004"
        UPDATED="26.03.2018" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Canadian Paediatric Society</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">Soci&amp;eacute;t&amp;eacute; Canadienne de P&amp;eacute;diatrie</SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Marie Ad&amp;egrave;le Davis, Exec. Dir, <EMAIL>madavis@cps.ca
            </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>2305 St Laurent Blvd, Suite 100, <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>
                K1G 4J8</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(613) 526-9397</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@cps.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.cps.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1922"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">priority areas: early childhood devt, mental
            health, First Nations, Inuit and M&amp;eacute;tis children and youth, paediatric drugs
            and therapeutics, social paediatrics</GEN-INFO>
          <MEMBERS>
            <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="2000"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
          </MEMBERS>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Michael</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Dickinson</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Exec. Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Marie Ad&amp;egrave;le</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Davis</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <PUB-GRP>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Paediatrics and Child Health</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>6 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
          </PUB-GRP>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.10.8" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000055"
        PREVUPDATES="29.05.2002;07/08/00, 06.07.2004" UPDATED="26.03.2018" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Canadian Pharmacists Association</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">Association des Pharmaciens du Canada</SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>1785 Alta Vista Dr., <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> K1G
                3Y6</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(613) 523-7877</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>members@pharmacists.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.pharmacists.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1907"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <MEMBERS>
            <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="9000"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
          </MEMBERS>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Garth</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>McCutcheon</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <PUB-GRP>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Canadian Pharmacists Journal</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>6 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
          </PUB-GRP>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.10.9" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000056" PREVUPDATES="29.05.2002"
        UPDATED="26.03.2018" RETURNED="09.05.2005" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Canadian Physiological Society</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">Soci&amp;eacute;t&amp;eacute; Canadienne de Physiologie</SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Prof. Dr Catherine Chan, Pres., <EMAIL>cbchan@ualberta.ca
            </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>c/o Prof. Dr Catherine Chan, Dept of Physiology and Dept of
              Agricultural, Food and Nutritional Sciences, Univ. of Alberta, <CITY>Edmonton </CITY>,
              AB <POSTCODE>T6G 2E1</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(780) 492-9939</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <WWW>www.cpsscp.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1935"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <MEMBERS>
            <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="300"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
          </MEMBERS>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Prof. Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Catherine</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME> Chan</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Sec.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Assoc. Prof. Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Harley</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Kurata</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <PUB-GRP>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Canadian Journal of Physiology and Pharmacology</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>12 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
          </PUB-GRP>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.10.10" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000057"
        PREVUPDATES="13.05.2003, 29.5.2009, 26.03.2018" UPDATED="04.03.2022"
        PREVRETURNS="11.05.2004,01.07.2005, 16.04.2012" RETURNED="11.01.2023" DP="NO"
        SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Canadian Psychiatric Association</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">Association des Psychiatres du Canada</SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Katie Hardy, CEO, <EMAIL>ceo@cpa-apc.org</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>141 Laurien Ave W, Suite 701, <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> K1P
                5J3</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(613) 234-2815</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>cpa@cpa-apc.org</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.cpa-apc.org</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1951"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <MEMBERS>
            <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="2864"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
          </MEMBERS>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Doug</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Urness</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Katie</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Hardy</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <PUB-GRP>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Canadian Journal of Psychiatry</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>12 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
          </PUB-GRP>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.10.11" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000058" PREVUPDATES="06.07.2004, 02.04.2009"
        UPDATED="26.03.2018" PREVRETURNS="31.03.2010, 22.01.2013, 08.03.2016" RETURNED="06.01.2017"
        DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Canadian Public Health Association</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">Association Canadienne de Sant&amp;eacute; Publique</SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Karen Spiess, Office Man. <EMAIL>kspiess@cpha.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>404&amp;ndash;1525 Carling Ave, <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> K1Z
                8R9</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(613) 725-3769</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@cpha.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.cpha.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1910"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <MEMBERS>
            <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="1268"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
          </MEMBERS>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chair.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Suzanne</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Jackson </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Exec. Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Ian</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Culbert</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <PUB-GRP>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Canadian Journal of Public Health</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>6 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
          </PUB-GRP>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.10.13" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000060" PREVUPDATES="06.07.2004"
        UPDATED="26.03.2018" RETURNED="10.03.2021" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Canadian Society of Pharmacology and Therapeutics</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Randee Holmes, Exec. Dir, <EMAIL>info@pharmacologycanada.org
            </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>605 Arbor Rd, <CITY>Mississauga</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>L5G
                2K1</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <EMAIL>info@pharmacologycanada.org</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.pharmacologycanada.org</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="2008"/> by merger of Canadian Soc. for Clinical
              Pharmacology and Pharmacological Soc. of Canada</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <MEMBERS>
            <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="200"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
          </MEMBERS>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Bruce</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Carleton </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Exec. Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Randee</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Holmes</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.10.14" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000061"
        PREVUPDATES="15.05.2003, 26.05.2009, 26.03.2018" UPDATED="15.06.2021"
        PREVRETURNS="16.06.2006" RETURNED="21.04.2009" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Canada</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">College Royale des Medicins et Chirugiens du Canada</SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">France Aub&amp;eacute;, Office Assistant-OCEO
              <EMAIL>faube@rcpsc.edu </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>774 Echo Dr., <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>K1S 5N8
              </POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(613) 730-8177</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>feedback@royalcollege.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.royalcollege.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1929"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">accredits residency programmes at 17 univs across
            Canada; acts as nat. examining body to certify medical, surgical and laboratory
            specialists; develops and delivers Maintenance of Certification (MOC)
            programme</GEN-INFO>
          <MEMBERS>
            <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="39270"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
          </MEMBERS>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Richard</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Reznick </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
    </SUB-LS-RI>
    <SUB-LS-RI ID="CA.1.11">
      <SUB-LS-RI-TITLE TITLE="NATURALSCIENCES"/>
      <SUB-SUB-LS-RI ID="CA.1.11.1">
        <TITLE>General</TITLE>
        <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.11.1.1" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000062"
          PREVUPDATES="29.05.2002;22/08/00, 06.07.2004" UPDATED="26.03.2018" RETURNED="14.02.2020"
          DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
          <TIBLOCK>
            <TITLE>Association Francophone pour le Savoir</TITLE>
            <TRANS INDEX="1">Francophone Association for Knowledge</TRANS>
          </TIBLOCK>
          <BLOCK>
            <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Isabelle Gandilhon, Man., <EMAIL>isabelle.gandilhon@acfas.ca
              </EMAIL></CONTACT>
            <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
              <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>425 rue de la Gaucheti&amp;egrave;re Est, <CITY>Montr&amp;eacute;al
                </CITY>, QC <POSTCODE>H2L 2M7</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
            </ADDRESS>
            <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
              <NUMBER>(514) 849-0045</NUMBER>
            </TEL>
            <EMAIL>presidence@acfas.ca</EMAIL>
            <WWW>www.acfas.ca</WWW>
            <FOUNDED>
              <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1923"/> as Assoc. Canadienne-Fran&amp;ccedil;aise pour
                l&amp;rsquo;Avancement des Sciences, current name adopted 2001</FOUND-PTEXT>
            </FOUNDED>
            <MEMBERS>
              <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="4000"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
            </MEMBERS>
            <ADMINSTAFF>
              <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
              <NAME>
                <FORENAME>Lyne</FORENAME>
                <SURNAME>Sauvageau</SURNAME>
              </NAME>
            </ADMINSTAFF>
            <ADMINSTAFF>
              <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Exec. Dir</JOB>
              <NAME>
                <FORENAME>Sophie</FORENAME>
                <SURNAME>Montreuil</SURNAME>
              </NAME>
            </ADMINSTAFF>
          </BLOCK>
        </SECONDARY>
        <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.11.1.2" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000063" PREVUPDATES="17/08/01, 20.08.2001"
          UPDATED="26.03.2018"
          PREVRETURNS="26.02.2013, 11.05.2016, 12.05.2016, 06.01.2017, 30.03.2018, 01.04.2020, 12.02.2021"
          RETURNED="23.02.2022" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
          <TIBLOCK>
            <TITLE>Nova Scotian Institute of Science</TITLE>
          </TIBLOCK>
          <BLOCK>
            <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Michelle Paon, NSIS Librarian,
              <EMAIL>mpaon@dal.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
            <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
              <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>c/o Reference and Research Services, Killam Memorial Library, 6225
                University Ave, POB 15000, <CITY>Halifax</CITY>, NS <POSTCODE>B3H 4R2
                </POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
            </ADDRESS>
            <EMAIL>nsis@chebucto.ns.ca</EMAIL>
            <WWW>nsis.chebucto.org</WWW>
            <FOUNDED>
              <FOUND-PTEXT>
                <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1862"/>
              </FOUND-PTEXT>
            </FOUNDED>
            <MEMBERS>
              <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="100"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
            </MEMBERS>
            <ADMINSTAFF>
              <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
              <NAME>
                <FORENAME>Tamara</FORENAME>
                <SURNAME>Franz-Odendaal</SURNAME>
              </NAME>
            </ADMINSTAFF>
            <ADMINSTAFF>
              <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres.</JOB>
              <NAME>
                <FORENAME>Stephanie</FORENAME>
                <SURNAME>McQuarrie</SURNAME>
              </NAME>
            </ADMINSTAFF>
            <PUB-GRP>
              <PUBLICATION>
                <JOURNAL>Proceedings of the Nova Scotian Institute of Science</JOURNAL>
                <ADD-JOURNAL>irregular</ADD-JOURNAL>
              </PUBLICATION>
            </PUB-GRP>
          </BLOCK>
        </SECONDARY>
      </SUB-SUB-LS-RI>
      <SUB-SUB-LS-RI ID="CA.1.11.2">
        <TITLE>Biological Sciences</TITLE>
        <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.11.2.1" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000064" PREVUPDATES="06.07.2004"
          UPDATED="26.03.2018" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
          <TIBLOCK>
            <TITLE>Canadian Phytopathological Society</TITLE>
            <SUPP INDEX="1">Soci&amp;eacute;t&amp;eacute; Canadienne de Phytopathologie</SUPP>
          </TIBLOCK>
          <BLOCK>
            <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Gayle Jesperson, Sec.,
              <EMAIL>gayle.jesperson@gov.bc.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
            <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
              <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>c/o Denis Gaudet, Pres., Board of Dirs, <CITY>Lethbridge </CITY>,
                AB</VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
            </ADDRESS>
            <WWW>www.cps-scp.ca</WWW>
            <FOUNDED>
              <FOUND-PTEXT>
                <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1929"/>
              </FOUND-PTEXT>
            </FOUNDED>
            <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">regional groups and socs in Alberta, BC, E
              Qu&amp;eacute;bec, Manitoba, Maritime provinces, Ontario, Saskatchewan</GEN-INFO>
            <MEMBERS>
              <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="400"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
            </MEMBERS>
            <ADMINSTAFF>
              <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
              <NAME>
                <FORENAME>Odile</FORENAME>
                <SURNAME>Carisse</SURNAME>
              </NAME>
            </ADMINSTAFF>
            <ADMINSTAFF>
              <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Sec.</JOB>
              <NAME>
                <VERBATIM-NAME>Deena Errampalli</VERBATIM-NAME>
              </NAME>
            </ADMINSTAFF>
            <PUB-GRP>
              <PUBLICATION>
                <JOURNAL>Canadian Journal of Plant Pathology</JOURNAL>
                <ADD-JOURNAL>4 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
              </PUBLICATION>
            </PUB-GRP>
          </BLOCK>
        </SECONDARY>
        <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.11.2.3" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000066" PREVUPDATES="07.07.2004, 27.03.2018"
          UPDATED="15.06.2021" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
          <TIBLOCK>
            <TITLE>Canadian Society for Immunology</TITLE>
            <SUPP INDEX="1">Soci&amp;eacute;t&amp;eacute; Canadienne d'Immunologie</SUPP>
          </TIBLOCK>
          <BLOCK>
            <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
              <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>c/o Univ. of Manitoba, Apotex Centre, 750 McDermot Ave, Room 415,
                  <CITY>Winnipeg</CITY>, MB <POSTCODE>R3E 0T5</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
            </ADDRESS>
            <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
              <NUMBER>(778) 828-9961</NUMBER>
            </TEL>
            <EMAIL>info@csi-sci.ca</EMAIL>
            <WWW>www.csi-sci.ca</WWW>
            <FOUNDED>
              <FOUND-PTEXT>
                <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1966"/>
              </FOUND-PTEXT>
            </FOUNDED>
            <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">organizes Cinader Award lecture; participates in
              int. events through Int. Union of Immunological Socs (IUIS)</GEN-INFO>
            <MEMBERS>
              <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="250"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
            </MEMBERS>
            <ADMINSTAFF>
              <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
              <NAME>
                <FORENAME>Aaron</FORENAME>
                <SURNAME>Marshall</SURNAME>
              </NAME>
            </ADMINSTAFF>
            <ADMINSTAFF>
              <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Sec. and Treas.</JOB>
              <NAME>
                <FORENAME>Brent</FORENAME>
                <SURNAME>Johnston</SURNAME>
              </NAME>
            </ADMINSTAFF>
          </BLOCK>
        </SECONDARY>
        <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.11.2.4" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000067"
          PREVUPDATES="29.05.2002, 07.07.2004, 27.03.2018" UPDATED="15.06.2021"
          PREVRETURNS="16.06.2006" RETURNED="17.06.2008" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
          <TIBLOCK>
            <TITLE>Canadian Society of Microbiologists</TITLE>
            <SUPP INDEX="1">Soci&amp;eacute;t&amp;eacute; Canadienne des Microbiologistes</SUPP>
          </TIBLOCK>
          <BLOCK>
            <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Alexis Martis, <EMAIL>alexis@malachite-mgmt.com</EMAIL></CONTACT>
            <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
              <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>c/o Rofail Conference and Management Services, 17 Dossetter Way,
                  <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>K1G 4S3</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
            </ADDRESS>
            <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
              <NUMBER>(613) 421-7229</NUMBER>
            </TEL>
            <EMAIL>info@csm-scm.org</EMAIL>
            <WWW>www.csm-scm.org</WWW>
            <FOUNDED>
              <FOUND-PTEXT>
                <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1958"/>
              </FOUND-PTEXT>
            </FOUNDED>
            <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">sections: applied and environmental
              microbiology, infection and immunity, molecular genetics, cellular
              microbiology</GEN-INFO>
            <MEMBERS>
              <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="500"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
            </MEMBERS>
            <ADMINSTAFF>
              <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
              <NAME>
                <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                <FORENAME>Ayush</FORENAME>
                <SURNAME> Kumar</SURNAME>
              </NAME>
            </ADMINSTAFF>
            <ADMINSTAFF>
              <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Sec. and Treas.</JOB>
              <NAME>
                <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                <FORENAME>Mazen</FORENAME>
                <SURNAME>Saleh </SURNAME>
              </NAME>
            </ADMINSTAFF>
          </BLOCK>
        </SECONDARY>
        <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.11.2.5" TOWN="Montr&amp;eacute;al" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000068"
          PREVUPDATES="17/08/01, 13.05.2003" UPDATED="27.03..2018" PREVRETURNS="01.06.2005"
          RETURNED="10.02.2022" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
          <TIBLOCK>
            <TITLE>Cercles des Jeunes Naturalistes</TITLE>
            <TRANS INDEX="1" TOWN="Montr&amp;eacute;al">Circle of Young Naturalists</TRANS>
          </TIBLOCK>
          <BLOCK>
            <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
              <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>Jardin Botanique de Montr&amp;eacute;al, 4101 rue Sherbrooke Est,
                Bureau 132, <CITY>Montr&amp;eacute;al</CITY>, QC <POSTCODE>H1X
                2B2</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
            </ADDRESS>
            <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
              <NUMBER>(514) 252-3023</NUMBER>
            </TEL>
            <EMAIL>jeunesnaturalistes@gmail.com</EMAIL>
            <WWW>www.jeunesnaturalistes.org</WWW>
            <FOUNDED>
              <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1931"/>, present status 1957</FOUND-PTEXT>
            </FOUNDED>
            <MEMBERS>
              <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="1500"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
            </MEMBERS>
            <ADMINSTAFF>
              <JOB STATUS="FILLED">CEO</JOB>
              <NAME>
                <FORENAME>Andr&amp;eacute;</FORENAME>
                <SURNAME>St-Arnaud</SURNAME>
              </NAME>
            </ADMINSTAFF>
            <PUB-GRP>
              <PUBLICATION>
                <JOURNAL>Les Naturalistes</JOURNAL>
                <ADD-JOURNAL>4 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
              </PUBLICATION>
            </PUB-GRP>
          </BLOCK>
        </SECONDARY>
        <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.11.2.6" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000069"
          PREVUPDATES="12.5.2009, 07.02.2008, 22/08/00; 07.07.2004;18.5.2009" UPDATED="27.03.2018"
          PREVRETURNS="29.06.2005;16.06.2006" RETURNED="21.01.2010" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
          SLSDOCRF="sref">
          <TIBLOCK>
            <TITLE>Entomological Society of Canada</TITLE>
            <SUPP INDEX="1">Soci&amp;eacute;t&amp;eacute; d&amp;rsquo;Entomologie du Canada</SUPP>
          </TIBLOCK>
          <BLOCK>
            <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Vincent Hervet, Sec.,
              <EMAIL>vincent.hervet@gmail.com</EMAIL></CONTACT>
            <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
              <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>503&amp;ndash;386 Broadway, <CITY>Winnipeg</CITY>, MB <POSTCODE> R3C
                  3R6</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
            </ADDRESS>
            <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
              <NUMBER>(888) 821-8387</NUMBER>
            </TEL>
            <EMAIL>info@esc-sec.ca</EMAIL>
            <WWW>www.esc-sec.ca</WWW>
            <FOUNDED>
              <FOUND-PTEXT>
                <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1863"/>
              </FOUND-PTEXT>
            </FOUNDED>
            <MEMBERS>
              <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="400"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
            </MEMBERS>
            <ADMINSTAFF>
              <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
              <NAME>
                <ACAD-TITLE>Dr </ACAD-TITLE>
                <FORENAME>Patrice</FORENAME>
                <SURNAME>Bouchard </SURNAME>
              </NAME>
            </ADMINSTAFF>
            <ADMINSTAFF>
              <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Exec. Dir</JOB>
              <NAME>
                <ACAD-TITLE>Dr </ACAD-TITLE>
                <FORENAME>Geoff</FORENAME>
                <SURNAME>Powell </SURNAME>
              </NAME>
            </ADMINSTAFF>
            <PUB-GRP>
              <PUBLICATION>
                <JOURNAL>Canadian Entomologist</JOURNAL>
                <ADD-JOURNAL>6 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
              </PUBLICATION>
              <PUBLICATION>
                <JOURNAL>Canadian Journal of Arthropod Identification</JOURNAL>
              </PUBLICATION>
            </PUB-GRP>
          </BLOCK>
        </SECONDARY>
        <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.11.2.8" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000071" PREVUPDATES="17.08.2001, 07.07.2004"
          UPDATED="27.03.2018" RETURNED="29.05.2002" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
          <TIBLOCK>
            <TITLE>Nature Manitoba</TITLE>
          </TIBLOCK>
          <BLOCK>
            <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Nature Manitoba News,
              <EMAIL>editor@naturemanitoba.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
            <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
              <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>401&amp;ndash;63 Albert St, Suite 401, <CITY>Winnipeg</CITY>, MB
                  <POSTCODE>R3B 1G4</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
            </ADDRESS>
            <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
              <NUMBER>(204) 943-9029</NUMBER>
            </TEL>
            <EMAIL>info@naturemanitoba.ca</EMAIL>
            <WWW>www.naturemanitoba.ca</WWW>
            <FOUNDED>
              <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1920"/> as Natural History Soc. of Manitoba, current
                name adopted 2009</FOUND-PTEXT>
            </FOUNDED>
            <MEMBERS>
              <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="1500"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
            </MEMBERS>
            <ADMINSTAFF>
              <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
              <NAME>
                <FORENAME>Jack</FORENAME>
                <SURNAME>Dubois</SURNAME>
              </NAME>
            </ADMINSTAFF>
          </BLOCK>
        </SECONDARY>
        <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.11.2.11" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000074" PREVUPDATES="17/08/01, 24.06.2003"
          UPDATED="27.03.2018"
          PREVRETURNS="29.05.2002; 17.06.2008, 12.07.2010,19.03.2011, 09.02.2012, 30.05.2012, 08.01.2013, 20.02.2014, 28.01.2015, 14.01.2016"
          RETURNED="07.01.2017" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
          <TIBLOCK>
            <TITLE>Nature Vancouver</TITLE>
          </TIBLOCK>
          <BLOCK>
            <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Helen Aqua, Membership Sec., <EMAIL>helen.aqua@gmail.com
              </EMAIL></CONTACT>
            <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
              <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>Station Terminal, POB 3021, <CITY>Vancouver</CITY>, BC <POSTCODE>
                  V6B 3X5</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
            </ADDRESS>
            <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
              <NUMBER>(604) 787-4883</NUMBER>
            </TEL>
            <WWW>www.naturevancouver.ca</WWW>
            <FOUNDED>
              <FOUND-PTEXT>
                <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1918"/>
              </FOUND-PTEXT>
            </FOUNDED>
            <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">protects endangered species and ecosystems;
              sections of birding, botany, conservation, geology, marine biology, photography </GEN-INFO>
            <MEMBERS>
              <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="600"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
            </MEMBERS>
            <ADMINSTAFF>
              <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
              <NAME>
                <FORENAME>Bill</FORENAME>
                <SURNAME>Kinkaid</SURNAME>
              </NAME>
            </ADMINSTAFF>
            <ADMINSTAFF>
              <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Sec. and Treas.</JOB>
              <NAME>
                <FORENAME>Jeremy</FORENAME>
                <SURNAME>McCall</SURNAME>
              </NAME>
            </ADMINSTAFF>
            <PUB-GRP>
              <PUBLICATION>
                <JOURNAL>Discovery</JOURNAL>
                <ADD-JOURNAL>1 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
              </PUBLICATION>
            </PUB-GRP>
          </BLOCK>
        </SECONDARY>
        <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.11.2.9" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000072" PREVUPDATES="17.08.2001, 07.07.2004"
          UPDATED="27.03.2018" RETURNED="15.03.2019" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
          <TIBLOCK>
            <TITLE>Soci&amp;eacute;t&amp;eacute; de Protection des Plantes du
              Qu&amp;eacute;bec</TITLE>
            <SUPP INDEX="1">Qu&amp;eacute;bec Society for the Protection of Plants</SUPP>
          </TIBLOCK>
          <BLOCK>
            <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
              <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>c/o Pres., 430 Gouin Blvd, <CITY>Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu </CITY>,
                QC <POSTCODE>J3B 3E6</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
            </ADDRESS>
            <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
              <NUMBER>(579) 224-3074</NUMBER>
            </TEL>
            <EMAIL>info@sppq.qc.ca</EMAIL>
            <WWW>www.sppq.qc.ca</WWW>
            <FOUNDED>
              <FOUND-PTEXT>
                <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1908"/>
              </FOUND-PTEXT>
            </FOUNDED>
            <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">theoretical and practical aspects of plant
              protection in the disciplines of entomology, nematology, pathology and weed science
              for the fields of agriculture, forestry and horticulture</GEN-INFO>
            <MEMBERS>
              <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="225"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
            </MEMBERS>
            <ADMINSTAFF>
              <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
              <NAME>
                <FORENAME>Benjamin</FORENAME>
                <SURNAME>Mimee</SURNAME>
              </NAME>
            </ADMINSTAFF>
            <ADMINSTAFF>
              <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Sec.</JOB>
              <NAME>
                <FORENAME>Tanya</FORENAME>
                <SURNAME>Arseneault</SURNAME>
              </NAME>
            </ADMINSTAFF>
            <PUB-GRP>
              <PUBLICATION>
                <JOURNAL>Phytoprotection</JOURNAL>
                <ADD-JOURNAL>3 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
              </PUBLICATION>
            </PUB-GRP>
          </BLOCK>
        </SECONDARY>
      </SUB-SUB-LS-RI>
      <SUB-SUB-LS-RI ID="CA.1.11.3">
        <TITLE>Mathematical Sciences</TITLE>
        <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.11.3.1" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000075"
          PREVUPDATES="29.05.2002; 07/08/00, 07.07.2004, 27.03.2018" UPDATED="24.01.2023"
          PREVRETURNS="19.4.2010, 14.02.2011" RETURNED="05.02.2013" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
          SLSDOCRF="sref">
          <TIBLOCK>
            <TITLE>Canadian Mathematical Society</TITLE>
            <SUPP INDEX="1">Soci&amp;eacute;t&amp;eacute; Math&amp;eacute;matique du Canada</SUPP>
          </TIBLOCK>
          <BLOCK>
            <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Graham Wright, Exec. Sec.,
              <EMAIL>gpwright@cms.math.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
            <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
              <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>209&amp;ndash;1725 St Laurent Blvd, <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON
                  <POSTCODE> K1G 3V4</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
            </ADDRESS>
            <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
              <NUMBER>(613) 733-2662</NUMBER>
            </TEL>
            <EMAIL>office@cms.math.ca</EMAIL>
            <WWW>www.cms.math.ca</WWW>
            <FOUNDED>
              <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1945"/> as the Canadian Mathematical Congress, present
                name and status 1978</FOUND-PTEXT>
            </FOUNDED>
            <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">organizes Canadian Mathematical Olympiad; awards
              Adrien Pouliot Award</GEN-INFO>
            <MEMBERS>
              <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="960"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
            </MEMBERS>
            <ADMINSTAFF>
              <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Exec. Dir</JOB>
              <NAME>
                <FORENAME>Termeh</FORENAME>
                <SURNAME>Kousha</SURNAME>
              </NAME>
            </ADMINSTAFF>
            <ADMINSTAFF>
              <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Exec. Sec.</JOB>
              <NAME>
                <FORENAME>Graham</FORENAME>
                <SURNAME>Wright</SURNAME>
              </NAME>
            </ADMINSTAFF>
            <ADMINSTAFF>
              <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Treas.</JOB>
              <NAME>
                <FORENAME>David</FORENAME>
                <SURNAME>Rodgers</SURNAME>
              </NAME>
            </ADMINSTAFF>
            <PUB-GRP>
              <PUBLICATION>
                <JOURNAL>Canadian Journal of Mathematics</JOURNAL>
                <ADD-JOURNAL>6 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
              </PUBLICATION>
              <PUBLICATION>
                <JOURNAL>Canadian Mathematical Bulletin</JOURNAL>
                <ADD-JOURNAL>4 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
              </PUBLICATION>
              <PUBLICATION>
                <JOURNAL>CRUX Mathematicorum</JOURNAL>
                <ADD-JOURNAL>10 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
              </PUBLICATION>
            </PUB-GRP>
          </BLOCK>
        </SECONDARY>
      </SUB-SUB-LS-RI>
      <SUB-SUB-LS-RI ID="CA.1.11.4">
        <TITLE>Physical Sciences</TITLE>
        <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.11.4.1" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000076" PREVUPDATES="07.07.2004, 27.03.2018"
          UPDATED="15.06.2021" PREVRETURNS="08.02.2011" RETURNED="08.04.2019" DP="NO"
          SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
          <TIBLOCK>
            <TITLE>Canadian Association of Physicists (CAP)</TITLE>
            <SUPP INDEX="1">Association Canadienne des Physiciens et Physiciennes</SUPP>
          </TIBLOCK>
          <BLOCK>
            <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Chantal, Membership Man.
              <EMAIL>membership@cap.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
            <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
              <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>3rd Fl., 555 King Edward Ave, <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> K1N
                  7N5</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
            </ADDRESS>
            <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
              <NUMBER>(613) 562-5614</NUMBER>
            </TEL>
            <EMAIL>membership@cap.ca</EMAIL>
            <WWW>www.cap.ca</WWW>
            <FOUNDED>
              <FOUND-PTEXT>
                <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1945"/>
              </FOUND-PTEXT>
            </FOUNDED>
            <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">divs of atmospheric and space physics; atomic,
              molecular and optical physics; condensed matter and materials physics; applied physics
              and instrumentation; nuclear physics; physics education; physics in medicine and
              biology; plasma physics; surface sciences; theoretical physics; history of physics;
              particle physics; cttee to encourage women in physics; Canadian Geophysical
              Union</GEN-INFO>
            <MEMBERS>
              <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="1700"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
            </MEMBERS>
            <ADMINSTAFF>
              <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
              <NAME>
                <ACAD-TITLE>Prof.</ACAD-TITLE>
                <FORENAME>Robert I.</FORENAME>
                <SURNAME> Thompson</SURNAME>
              </NAME>
            </ADMINSTAFF>
            <ADMINSTAFF>
              <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Exec. Dir</JOB>
              <NAME>
                <FORENAME>Francine</FORENAME>
                <SURNAME>Ford</SURNAME>
              </NAME>
            </ADMINSTAFF>
            <PUB-GRP>
              <PUBLICATION>
                <JOURNAL>Canadian Journal of Physics</JOURNAL>
                <ADD-JOURNAL>12 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
              </PUBLICATION>
            </PUB-GRP>
          </BLOCK>
        </SECONDARY>
        <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.11.4.2" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000077"
          PREVUPDATES="31.12.2008, 15.05.2003, 18.5.2009" UPDATED="27.03.2018"
          PREVRETURNS="22.02.2011, 22.02.2012, 05.02.2013, 29.05.2014, 12.01.2015, 27.04.2016"
          RETURNED="04.01.2017" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
          <TIBLOCK>
            <TITLE>Canadian Meteorological and Oceanographic Society</TITLE>
            <SUPP INDEX="1">Soci&amp;eacute;t&amp;eacute; Canadienne de
              M&amp;eacute;t&amp;eacute;orologie et d&amp;rsquo;Oc&amp;eacute;anographie</SUPP>
          </TIBLOCK>
          <BLOCK>
            <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Gordon Griffith, Exec. Dir <EMAIL>exec-dir@cmos.ca
              </EMAIL></CONTACT>
            <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
              <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>Station D, POB 3211, <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> K1P
                  6H7</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
            </ADDRESS>
            <ADDRESS TYPE="LOCATION" COUNTRY="0">
              <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>10N196, 200 Kent St, <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> K1A
                  0E6</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
            </ADDRESS>
            <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
              <NUMBER>(613) 990-0300</NUMBER>
            </TEL>
            <EMAIL>cmos@cmos.ca</EMAIL>
            <WWW>www.cmos.ca</WWW>
            <FOUNDED>
              <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1939"/> as Canadian br. of the Royal Meteorological
                Soc., current name adopted 1977</FOUND-PTEXT>
            </FOUNDED>
            <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">serves the interests of meteorologists,
              climatologists, oceanographers, limnologists, hydrologists and cryospheric scientists;
              addresses nat. and int. concerns incl. weather and weather extremes, global warming,
              ozone depletion and surface air quality and their effects on forestry, agriculture and
              fisheries </GEN-INFO>
            <MEMBERS>
              <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="700"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
            </MEMBERS>
            <ADMINSTAFF>
              <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
              <NAME>
                <FORENAME>Wayne</FORENAME>
                <SURNAME>Richardson</SURNAME>
              </NAME>
            </ADMINSTAFF>
            <ADMINSTAFF>
              <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Exec. Dir</JOB>
              <NAME>
                <FORENAME>Gordon</FORENAME>
                <SURNAME>Griffith</SURNAME>
              </NAME>
            </ADMINSTAFF>
            <PUB-GRP>
              <PUBLICATION>
                <JOURNAL>Atmosphere-Ocean</JOURNAL>
              </PUBLICATION>
            </PUB-GRP>
          </BLOCK>
        </SECONDARY>
        <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.11.4.9" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000084" PREVUPDATES="21.09.2001"
          UPDATED="28.03.2018" PREVRETURNS="17.03.2019" RETURNED="10.01.2020" DP="NO"
          SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
          <TIBLOCK>
            <TITLE>Canadian Society for Analytical Sciences and Spectroscopy</TITLE>
            <SUPP INDEX="1">Soci&amp;eacute;t&amp;eacute; Canadienne des Sciences Analytiques et de
              Spectroscopie</SUPP>
          </TIBLOCK>
          <BLOCK>
            <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Diane Beauchemin, Pres., <EMAIL>diane.beauchemin@queensu.ca
              </EMAIL></CONTACT>
            <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
              <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>c/o Prof. Diane Beauchemin, Dept of Chemistry, Queen's Univ., 90
                Bader Lane, <CITY>Kingston</CITY>, ON<POSTCODE>K7L 3N6</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
            </ADDRESS>
            <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
              <NUMBER>(613) 533-2619</NUMBER>
            </TEL>
            <WWW>www.csass.org</WWW>
            <FOUNDED>
              <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1957"/> as Canadian Assoc. for Applied Spectroscopy,
                current name adopted 2004</FOUND-PTEXT>
            </FOUNDED>
            <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">organizes Int. Conference on Analytical Sciences
              and Spectroscopy; awards Gerhard Herzberg Award, Thermo Fisher Spectroscopy
              Award</GEN-INFO>
            <MEMBERS>
              <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="85"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
            </MEMBERS>
            <ADMINSTAFF>
              <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
              <NAME>
                <ACAD-TITLE>Prof.</ACAD-TITLE>
                <FORENAME>Diane</FORENAME>
                <SURNAME>Beauchemin </SURNAME>
              </NAME>
            </ADMINSTAFF>
            <ADMINSTAFF>
              <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Sec.</JOB>
              <NAME>
                <FORENAME>Milithza</FORENAME>
                <SURNAME>Silva</SURNAME>
              </NAME>
            </ADMINSTAFF>
          </BLOCK>
        </SECONDARY>
        <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.11.4.3" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000078"
          PREVUPDATES="05.06.2003, 12.07.2017, 26.03.2018" UPDATED="15.06.2021"
          PREVRETURNS="13.05.2005" RETURNED="01.04.2014" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
          <TIBLOCK>
            <TITLE>Canadian Society for Molecular Biosciences</TITLE>
            <SUPP INDEX="1">Soci&amp;eacute;t&amp;eacute; Canadienne pour les Biosciences
              Mol&amp;eacute;culaires </SUPP>
          </TIBLOCK>
          <BLOCK>
            <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Dr E. R. Tustanoff, Past Sec.
              <EMAIL>etuaastan@uwo.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
            <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
              <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>17 Dossetter Way, <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>K1G
                  4S3</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
            </ADDRESS>
            <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
              <NUMBER>(613) 421-7229</NUMBER>
            </TEL>
            <EMAIL>contact@csmb-scbm.ca</EMAIL>
            <WWW>www.csmb-scbm.ca</WWW>
            <FOUNDED>
              <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="2011"/> by merger of Canadian Soc. of Biochemistry and
                Molecular and Cellular Biology (f. 1957 as Canadian Biochemical Society), and
                Genetics Soc. of Canada</FOUND-PTEXT>
            </FOUNDED>
            <MEMBERS>
              <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="400"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
            </MEMBERS>
            <ADMINSTAFF>
              <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
              <NAME>
                <ACAD-TITLE>Dr </ACAD-TITLE>
                <FORENAME>Imogen R.</FORENAME>
                <SURNAME>Coe</SURNAME>
              </NAME>
            </ADMINSTAFF>
            <ADMINSTAFF>
              <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Sec.</JOB>
              <NAME>
                <ACAD-TITLE>Dr </ACAD-TITLE>
                <FORENAME>James</FORENAME>
                <SURNAME>Davie </SURNAME>
              </NAME>
            </ADMINSTAFF>
          </BLOCK>
        </SECONDARY>
        <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.11.4.4" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000079" PREVUPDATES="17.08.2001, 07.07.2004"
          UPDATED="27.03.2018" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
          <TIBLOCK>
            <TITLE>Canadian Society of Petroleum Geologists</TITLE>
          </TIBLOCK>
          <BLOCK>
            <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Emma MacPherson, Communications, <EMAIL>emma.macpherson@cspg.org
              </EMAIL></CONTACT>
            <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
              <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>540&amp;ndash;5 Ave SW, Suite 150, <CITY>Calgary</CITY>, AB
                  <POSTCODE> T2P 0M2</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
            </ADDRESS>
            <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
              <NUMBER>(403) 264-5610</NUMBER>
            </TEL>
            <EMAIL>membership@cspg.org</EMAIL>
            <WWW>www.cspg.org</WWW>
            <FOUNDED>
              <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1927"/> as Alberta Soc. of Petroleum Geologists,
                current name adopted 1973</FOUND-PTEXT>
            </FOUNDED>
            <MEMBERS>
              <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="2500"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
            </MEMBERS>
            <ADMINSTAFF>
              <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
              <NAME>
                <FORENAME>Clint</FORENAME>
                <SURNAME>Tippett</SURNAME>
              </NAME>
            </ADMINSTAFF>
            <ADMINSTAFF>
              <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Exec. Dir</JOB>
              <NAME>
                <FORENAME>Lis</FORENAME>
                <SURNAME>Bjeld</SURNAME>
              </NAME>
            </ADMINSTAFF>
            <PUB-GRP>
              <PUBLICATION>
                <JOURNAL>Bulletin of Canadian Petroleum Geology</JOURNAL>
                <ADD-JOURNAL>4 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
              </PUBLICATION>
            </PUB-GRP>
          </BLOCK>
        </SECONDARY>
        <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.11.4.5" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000080" PREVUPDATES="07/08/00, 07.07.2004"
          UPDATED="27.03.2018" RETURNED="24.03.2015" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
          <TIBLOCK>
            <TITLE>Chemical Institute of Canada</TITLE>
          </TIBLOCK>
          <BLOCK>
            <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Bernadette Lockyer, Dir for Communications and Marketing, <EMAIL>
                blockyer@cheminst.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
            <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
              <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>222 Queen St, Suite 400, <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> K1P
                  5V9</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
            </ADDRESS>
            <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
              <NUMBER>(613) 232-6252</NUMBER>
            </TEL>
            <EMAIL>info@cheminst.ca</EMAIL>
            <WWW>www.cheminst.ca</WWW>
            <FOUNDED>
              <FOUND-PTEXT>
                <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1945"/>
              </FOUND-PTEXT>
            </FOUNDED>
            <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">3 constituent socs: Canadian Soc. for Chemical
              Engineering, Canadian Soc. for Chemical Technology, Canadian Soc. for
              Chemistry</GEN-INFO>
            <ADMINSTAFF>
              <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Exec. Dir</JOB>
              <NAME>
                <FORENAME>Ian</FORENAME>
                <SURNAME>Jobe</SURNAME>
              </NAME>
            </ADMINSTAFF>
            <PUB-GRP>
              <PUBLICATION>
                <JOURNAL>Canadian Journal of Chemical Engineering</JOURNAL>
                <ADD-JOURNAL>12 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
              </PUBLICATION>
            </PUB-GRP>
          </BLOCK>
        </SECONDARY>
        <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.11.4.6" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000081"
          PREVUPDATES="07.07.2004, 29.05.2002;17/08/01, 18.5.2009" UPDATED="27.03.2018"
          PREVRETURNS="" RETURNED="06.05.2010" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
          <TIBLOCK>
            <TITLE>Geological Association of Canada</TITLE>
            <SUPP INDEX="1">Association Geologique du Canada</SUPP>
          </TIBLOCK>
          <BLOCK>
            <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Celia Edwards, Asst Sec. <EMAIL>gac@esd.mun.ca </EMAIL></CONTACT>
            <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
              <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>c/o Dept of Earth Sciences, Room ER4063, Alexander Murray Bldg,
                Memorial Univ. of Newfoundland, <CITY>St John&amp;rsquo;s</CITY>, NL <POSTCODE> A1B
                  3X5</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
            </ADDRESS>
            <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
              <NUMBER>(709) 864-7660</NUMBER>
            </TEL>
            <EMAIL>gac@mun.ca</EMAIL>
            <WWW>www.gac.ca</WWW>
            <FOUNDED>
              <FOUND-PTEXT>
                <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1947"/>
              </FOUND-PTEXT>
            </FOUNDED>
            <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">divs incl. environmental earth science,
              geomatics, geophysics, isotope sciences, marine geosciences, mineral deposits,
              paleontology, precambrian, structural geology and tectonics, volcanology and igneous
              petrology, planetary science; research groups incl. Canadian geomorphology, Canadian
              sedimentology</GEN-INFO>
            <MEMBERS>
              <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="2500"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
            </MEMBERS>
            <ADMINSTAFF>
              <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
              <NAME>
                <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                <FORENAME>Stephen</FORENAME>
                <SURNAME>Johnston </SURNAME>
              </NAME>
            </ADMINSTAFF>
            <ADMINSTAFF>
              <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Sec. and Treas.</JOB>
              <NAME>
                <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                <FORENAME>James</FORENAME>
                <SURNAME>Conliffe </SURNAME>
              </NAME>
            </ADMINSTAFF>
            <PUB-GRP>
              <PUBLICATION>
                <JOURNAL>Geolog</JOURNAL>
                <ADD-JOURNAL>4 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
              </PUBLICATION>
              <PUBLICATION>
                <JOURNAL>Geoscience Canada</JOURNAL>
                <ADD-JOURNAL>4 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
              </PUBLICATION>
            </PUB-GRP>
          </BLOCK>
        </SECONDARY>
        <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.11.4.7" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000082" PREVUPDATES="07.07.2004"
          UPDATED="28.03.2018" PREVRETURNS="16.06.2006" RETURNED="05.04.2007" DP="NO"
          SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
          <TIBLOCK>
            <TITLE>Royal Astronomical Society of Canada</TITLE>
          </TIBLOCK>
          <BLOCK>
            <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Randy Attwood, Exec. Sec.</CONTACT>
            <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
              <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>203&amp;ndash;4920 Dundas St W, <CITY>Toronto</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>
                  M9A 1B7</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
            </ADDRESS>
            <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
              <NUMBER>(416) 924-7973</NUMBER>
            </TEL>
            <EMAIL>nationaloffice@rasc.ca</EMAIL>
            <WWW>www.rasc.ca</WWW>
            <FOUNDED>
              <FOUND-PTEXT>
                <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1868"/>
              </FOUND-PTEXT>
            </FOUNDED>
            <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">centres in Atlantic, BC, N Canada,
              Qu&amp;eacute;bec, Ontario, W Canada; awards Chant Medal, Ken Chilton prize; supports
              Canada-Wide Science Fair</GEN-INFO>
            <MEMBERS>
              <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="5000"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
            </MEMBERS>
            <ADMINSTAFF>
              <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
              <NAME>
                <FORENAME>Colin</FORENAME>
                <SURNAME>Haig</SURNAME>
              </NAME>
            </ADMINSTAFF>
            <ADMINSTAFF>
              <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Exec. Dir</JOB>
              <NAME>
                <FORENAME>Randy</FORENAME>
                <SURNAME>Attwood</SURNAME>
              </NAME>
            </ADMINSTAFF>
            <PUB-GRP>
              <PUBLICATION>
                <JOURNAL>Journal of the RASC</JOURNAL>
                <ADD-JOURNAL>6 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
              </PUBLICATION>
            </PUB-GRP>
          </BLOCK>
        </SECONDARY>
      </SUB-SUB-LS-RI>
    </SUB-LS-RI>
    <SUB-LS-RI ID="CA.1.12">
      <SUB-LS-RI-TITLE TITLE="PHILOSOPHYANDPSYCHOLOGY"/>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.12.1" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000085"
        PREVUPDATES="29.05.2002, 8.6.2009, 12.09.2017" UPDATED="28.03.2018"
        PREVRETURNS="05.06.2003, 16.04.2010,11.02.2011, 09.02.2012" RETURNED="21.04.2012" DP="NO"
        SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Canadian Philosophical Association</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">Association Canadienne de Philosophie</SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Louise Morel, Exec. Dir <EMAIL>acpa@ustpaul.ca </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>Dundas Dovercourt, POB 16081, <CITY>Toronto</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> M6J
                3W2</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(613) 236-1393</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>administration@acpcpa.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.acpcpa.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1958"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <MEMBERS>
            <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="800"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
          </MEMBERS>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Samantha</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Brennan</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Sec.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Amy</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Schmitter</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.12.2" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000086"
        PREVUPDATES="07/08/00; 17/08/01, 15.05.2003" UPDATED="28.03.2018" RETURNED="29.05.2002"
        DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Canadian Psychological Association</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">Soci&amp;eacute;t&amp;eacute; Canadienne de Psychologie</SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">
            <EMAIL>media@cpa.ca</EMAIL>
          </CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>141 Laurier Ave W, Suite 702, <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> K1P
                5J3</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(613) 237-2144</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>cpa@cpa.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.cpa.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1939"/>, present status 1950</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <MEMBERS>
            <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="7000"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
          </MEMBERS>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Patrick</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Baillie </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Karen</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Cohen </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <PUB-GRP>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Canadian Journal of Behavioural Science</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>4 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Canadian Journal of Experimental Psychology</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>4 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Canadian Psychology</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>4 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
          </PUB-GRP>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
    </SUB-LS-RI>
    <SUB-LS-RI ID="CA.1.13">
      <SUB-LS-RI-TITLE TITLE="RELIGIONSOCIOLOGYANDANTHROPOLOGY"/>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.13.1" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000087" PREVUPDATES="07.07.2004"
        UPDATED="28.03.2018" PREVRETURNS="30.05.2015, 14.01.2016, 26.01.2018, 22.01.2020"
        RETURNED="09.01.2023" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Association for the Advancement of Scandinavian Studies in Canada</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">L&amp;rsquo;Association pour l&amp;rsquo;Avancement des &amp;Eacute;tudes
            Scandinaves au Canada</SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Asst Prof. Natalie Van Deusen, <EMAIL>vandeuse@ualberta.ca
            </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>c/o Natalie Van Deusen, Dept of Modern Languages and Cultural Studies,
              Univ. of Alberta, 309-D Arts Convocation Hall, <CITY>Edmonton</CITY>, AB <POSTCODE>T6G
                2E6</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(780) 660-8926</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <WWW>www.aassc.com</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1982"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">conducts research on Scandinavian culture incl.
            demography, sociology, art, literature, language, theatre and film, music, history,
            geography, folklore, religion, geography, Norse sagas, archaeology</GEN-INFO>
          <MEMBERS>
            <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="135"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
          </MEMBERS>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Asst Prof.</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Natalie</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME> van Deusen</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Sec.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Gu&amp;eth;r&amp;uacute;n Bj&amp;ouml;rk</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Gu&amp;eth;steinsd&amp;oacute;ttir </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <PUB-GRP>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Scandinavian-Canadian Studies/ &amp;Eacute;tudes Scandinaves au Canada </JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>1 a year, in English and French</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
          </PUB-GRP>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.13.3" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000089" PREVUPDATES="07.07.2004, 8.6.2009"
        UPDATED="28.03.2018"
        PREVRETURNS="08.06.2007; 03.05.2005, 17.06.2008, 14.06.2012, 12.01.2013, 19.02.2014, 09.03.2015"
        RETURNED="30.05.2017" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Canadian Association for Latin American and Caribbean Studies</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">Association Canadienne des &amp;Eacute;tudes Latino-Am&amp;eacute;ricaines
            et des Cara&amp;iuml;bes</SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Catherine Sawyer, Office Co-ordinator, <EMAIL>calacs@yorku.ca
            </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>8&amp;ndash;17 Kaneff Tower, York Univ., 4700 Keele St, <CITY>
                Toronto</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>M3J 1P3</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(416) 736-2100</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>calacs@yorku.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.can-latam.org</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1969"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <MEMBERS>
            <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="350"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
          </MEMBERS>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Juli&amp;aacute;n</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Durazo Herrmann</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Sec.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Roberta</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Rice</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <PUB-GRP>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Canadian Journal of Latin American and Caribbean Studies</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>3 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
          </PUB-GRP>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.13.2" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000088"
        PREVUPDATES="07/07.2004, 16.05.2008, 24.8.2009" UPDATED="29.03.2018"
        PREVRETURNS="03.05.2005" RETURNED="08.06.2007" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Canadian Association of African Studies</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">Association Canadienne des &amp;Eacute;tudes Africaines</SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Brooke Ellis <EMAIL>bellis@alcor.concordia.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>439 Paterson Hall, Carleton Univ., 1125 Colonel By Dr., <CITY>
                Ottawa</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>K1S 5B6</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <WWW>caas-acea.org</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1970"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <MEMBERS>
            <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="310"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
          </MEMBERS>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Marc</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Epprecht</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Pius</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Adesanmi</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <PUB-GRP>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Canadian Journal of African Studies/ Revue Canadienne des Etudes
                Africaines</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>3 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
          </PUB-GRP>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.13.4" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000090"
        PREVUPDATES="07/08/00; 17/08/01, 15.05.2003" UPDATED="29.03.2018" RETURNED="29.05.2002"
        DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Canadian Society of Biblical Studies</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">Soci&amp;eacute;t&amp;eacute; Canadienne des &amp;Eacute;tudes Bibliques
          </SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>c/o Keith Bodner, Crandall Univ., POB 6004, <CITY>Moncton </CITY>, NB
                <POSTCODE>E1C 9L7</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <EMAIL>mmurray@ubishops.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.csbs-sceb.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1933"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <MEMBERS>
            <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="300"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
          </MEMBERS>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Christine</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Mitchell</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Exec. Sec.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Keith</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Bodner</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.2.5.1" TOWN="Ottawa" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000120" PREVUPDATES="17/08/01"
        UPDATED="03.04.2018" PREVRETURNS="07.05.2004;01.06.2005" RETURNED="15.04.2010" DP="NO"
        SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Federation for the Humanities and Social Sciences</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1" TOWN="Ottawa">F&amp;eacute;d&amp;eacute;ration des Sciences Humaines
          </SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Nicola Katz, Acting Dir for Policy, Programmes, Communications and
            Membership, <EMAIL>nkatz@ideas-idees.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>275 Bank St, Suite 300, <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> K2P
                2L6</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(613) 238-6112</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>federation@ideas-idees.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.ideas-idees.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1943"/> as Humanities Research Council of Canada, present
              name and status 1996</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">organizes Congress of the Humanities and Social
            Sciences</GEN-INFO>
          <MEMBERS>
            <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="160"/> institutional mems</MEM-PTEXT>
          </MEMBERS>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Exec. Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Gabriel</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Miller</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
    </SUB-LS-RI>
    <SUB-LS-RI ID="CA.1.14">
      <SUB-LS-RI-TITLE TITLE="TECHNOLOGY"/>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.14.1" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000091"
        PREVUPDATES="29.05.2002, 07.07.2004, 29.03.2018" UPDATED="15.06.2021" DP="NO"
        SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Canadian Academy of Engineering</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">Acad&amp;eacute;mie Canadienne du G&amp;eacute;nie</SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Christopher Frantz, Project Man.,
            <EMAIL>info@cae-acg.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>300&amp;ndash;55 Metcalfe St, <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> K1P
                6L5</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(613) 235-9056</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@cae-acg.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.cae-acg.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1987"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">projects incl. energy pathways, engineering in
            Canada&amp;rsquo;s northern oceans, Trottier energy futures</GEN-INFO>
          <MEMBERS>
            <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="260"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
          </MEMBERS>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Yves</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Beauchamp</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Exec. Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Robert</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Crawhall</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.14.2" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000092" PREVUPDATES="27.03.2014"
        UPDATED="29.03.2018" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Canadian Aeronautics and Space Institute</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">Institute A&amp;eacute;ronautique et Spatial du Canada</SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>350 Terry Fox Dr., Suite 104, <CITY>Kanata</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> K2K
                2W5</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(613) 591-8787</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>casi@casi.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.casi.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1954"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">organizes Astro conference on space; brs in
            Qu&amp;eacute;bec, Ottawa, Toronto; student brs in Concordia Univ., Ryerson
            Univ.</GEN-INFO>
          <MEMBERS>
            <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="2000"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
          </MEMBERS>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Ian</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Fejtek</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Exec. Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Geoffrey</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Languedoc</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <PUB-GRP>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Canadian Aeronautics and Space Journal</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>3 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Canadian Journal of Remote Sensing</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>6 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
          </PUB-GRP>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.14.3" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000093"
        PREVUPDATES="17.08.2001;22/08/00, 07.07.2004" UPDATED="29.03.2018"
        PREVRETURNS="02.06.2005,14.02.2011, 07.05.2012" RETURNED="08.03.2016" DP="NO"
        SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Canadian Council of Professional Engineers</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Communications,
            <EMAIL>communications@engineerscanada.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>55 Metcalfe St, Suite 300, <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> K1P
                6L5</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(613) 232-2474</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@engineerscanada.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.engineerscanada.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1936"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">accredits undergraduate engineering
            programmes</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Russ</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Kinghorn</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Gerard</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>McDonald</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.14.4" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000094"
        PREVUPDATES="22/08/00, 07.07.2004, 12.09.2017" UPDATED="29.03.2018" RETURNED="20.01.2021"
        DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Canadian Electricity Association</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">Association Canadienne de l&amp;rsquo;&amp;Eacute;lectricit&amp;eacute;
          </SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Daniella Bidin, Communications Officer, <EMAIL>bidin@electricity.ca
            </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>275 Slater St, Suite 1500, <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> K1P
                5H9</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(613) 230 9263</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@electricity.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.electricity.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1891"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">focuses on issues incl. infrastructure renewal,
            environmental protection, innovation and technology, indigenous and N American
            partnerships, regulation, security</GEN-INFO>
          <MEMBERS>
            <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="2500"/> individual mems</MEM-PTEXT>
          </MEMBERS>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Francis</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Bradley</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.14.5" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000095"
        PREVUPDATES="29.05.2002;17/08/01, 07.07.2004" UPDATED="29.03.2018" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Canadian Institute of Mining, Metallurgy and Petroleum</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Andrea Nichiporuk <EMAIL>anichiporuk@cim.org </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>3400 de Maisonneuve Blvd W, Suite 1250, <CITY>Westmount </CITY>, QC
                <POSTCODE>H3Z 3C1</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(514) 939-2710</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>cim@cim.org</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.cim.org</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1898"/> as the Canadian Mining Institute, current name
              adopted 1990</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">technical societies: Canadian mineral processors;
            environmental and social responsibility; geology; maintenance, engineering and
            reliability; management and economics; metallurgy and materials; mining; Nova Scotia;
            rock engineering; surface mining; underground mining</GEN-INFO>
          <MEMBERS>
            <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="11000"/> mems</MEM-PTEXT>
          </MEMBERS>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Ken</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Thomas</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Exec. Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Angela</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Hamlyn</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <PUB-GRP>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>CIM Journal</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>4 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
          </PUB-GRP>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.14.6" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000096" PREVUPDATES="07.07.2004 11.02.2008"
        UPDATED="29.03.2018" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Engineering Institute of Canada</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Guy Gosselin, Exec. Dir,
            <EMAIL>ggosselin.eic@gmail.com</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>POB 40140, <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>K1V
              0W8</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(613) 796-4750</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>admin.officer@eic-ici.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.eic-ici.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1887"/> as Canadian Soc. of Civil Engineers, present name
              and status 1918</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">manages EIC Fund; constituent societies: Canadian
            Dam Association, Canadian Geotechnical Society, Canadian Medical and Biological
            Engineering Society, Canadian Nuclear Society, Canadian Society for Bioengineering,
            Canadian Society for Civil Engineering, Canadian Society for Chemical Engineering,
            Canadian Society for Mechanical Engineering, Canadian Society of Senior Engineers, IEEE
            Canada, Institute of Industrial and Systems Engineers</GEN-INFO>
          <MEMBERS>
            <MEM-PTEXT><MEM TOTAL="16000"/> mems and 12 mem. socs</MEM-PTEXT>
          </MEMBERS>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Richard</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Bathurst</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Exec. Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Guy</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Gosselin</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
    </SUB-LS-RI>
  </LS-GRP>
  <RI-GRP ID="CA.2">
    <TITLE>Research Institutes</TITLE>
    <SUB-LS-RI ID="CA.2.1">
      <SUB-LS-RI-TITLE TITLE="GENERAL"/>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.2.1.1" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000097"
        PREVUPDATES="29.05.2002; 17/08/01; 07/08/00" UPDATED="24.06.2003"
        PREVRETURNS="20.05.2010, 04.02.2011" RETURNED="24.02.2015" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Alberta Innovates</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Lucy Heintz, Library Technician
              <EMAIL>lucy.heintz@albertainnovates.ca </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>250 Karl Clark Rd, <CITY>Edmonton</CITY>, AB <POSTCODE> T6N
                1E4</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(780) 450-5111</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@albertainnovates.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.albertainnovates.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="2016"/>by merger of Bio Solutions, Energy and Environment
              Solutions, Health Solutions, Technology Futures</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">focus areas: health innovation, bio sector, clean
            energy, cross sectoral investments; incl. InnoTech Alberta, C-Fer
            Technologies</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="15000"/> vols, 3,500 reports, 100 current periodicals
            </LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Laura J.</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Kilcrease</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804171639.0001" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="17.04.2018" UPDATED="15.06.2021"
        DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Canadian Institute for Advanced Research (CIFAR)</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Paula Driedger, Programmes and Information Officer, <EMAIL>
              paula.driedger@cifar.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>MaRS Centre, West Tower, 661 University Ave, Suite 505, <CITY>
                Toronto</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>M5G 1M1</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(416) 971-4251</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <WWW>www.cifar.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1982"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">research programmes incl. Azrieli program in
            brain, mind and consciousness; bio-inspired solar energy; child and brain devt; genetic
            networks; gravity and the extreme universe; humans and the microbiome; instns, orgs and
            growth; learning in machines and brains; molecular architecture of life; quantum
            information science; quantum materials; successful socs</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Alan</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Bernstein</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.202105031640.0001" INDEX="Y" UPDATED="03.05.2021" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Institut Nordique du Qu&amp;eacute;bec (INQ)</TITLE>
          <TRANS INDEX="1">Nordic Institute of Quebec</TRANS>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Brigitte Martin, Head of Int. Profile and Int. Partnership Devt,
              <EMAIL>brigitte.martin@bi.ulaval.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>Pavillon Alexandre-Vachon, Local 2078, 1045, Ave de la
              M&amp;eacute;decine, Univ. Laval, <CITY>Qu&amp;eacute;bec</CITY>, QC <POSTCODE>G1V 0A6
              </POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>418-656-5193</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@inq.ulaval.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.inq.ulaval.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="2014"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ATTACHED-TO> Univ. Laval, McGill Univ. and Nat. Institute for Scientific Research (INRS) </ATTACHED-TO>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">develops and consolidates int. research
            collaborations in the field of arctic research and study of N Quebec; builds synergy
            between Quebec centres of Nordic excellence in natural, health, social and human
            sciences, arts and culture</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Jean-Eric</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Tremblay</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804171712.0001" INDEX="Y" UPDATED="17.04.2018" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Institute of Asian Research</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Karen Jew, Admin. Asst, <EMAIL>karen.jew@ubc.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>C. K. Choi Bldg, 1855 West Mall, <CITY>Vancouver</CITY>, BC
                <POSTCODE>V6T 1Z2</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(604) 822-4688</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>iar.ubc@ubc.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.iar.ubc.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1978"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ATTACHED-TO> Univ. of British Columbia</ATTACHED-TO>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">centres for Chinese research, India and S Asia
            research, Japanese research, Korean research, SE Asia research</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED"> Man.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Hilary</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Geise</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <PUB-GRP>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Pacific Affairs</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>4 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
          </PUB-GRP>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.2.1.4" INDEX="N" APPID="0000100" PREVUPDATES="07.07.2004; 16.06.2009"
        UPDATED="05.08.2016" RETURNED="11.06.2009" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>National Research Council of Canada (NRC)</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="0">Conseil National de Recherches Canada</SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <ENTRYREF>see under Regulatory and Representative Bodies</ENTRYREF>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.2.1.5" TOWN="Ottawa" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000101" PREVUPDATES="07/08/00"
        UPDATED="15.05.2003" PREVRETURNS="09.03.2010" RETURNED="07.02.2011" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>North-South Institute</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Dina Shadid, Information and Events Man. <EMAIL>
              dshadid@nsi-ins.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>5th Fl., River Bldg, 1125 Colonel By Dr., <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON
                <POSTCODE>K1S 5B6</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(613) 520-6655</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>nsi@nsi-ins.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.nsi-ins.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1976"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ATTACHED-TO> Carleton Univ.</ATTACHED-TO>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">research topics: Canadian development cooperation,
            domestic resource mobilization, emerging economies; free, prior and informed consent;
            gender equality and trade, global financial crisis, governance of natural resources,
            governance and state resilience, post-2015 development agenda, private sector and
            development, security and development </GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="10000"/> vols, 300 periodicals</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.28102004.295" TOWN="" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000101A" PREVUPDATES="28.10.2004"
        UPDATED="29.03.2018" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Nunavut Research Institute</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Mosesie Kilabuk, Admin. Officer
              <EMAIL>Mosesie.kilabuk@arcticcollege.ca </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>Bldg 959, POB 1720, <CITY>Iqaluit</CITY>, NU <POSTCODE> X0A
                0H0</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(867) 979-7280</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>slcnri@nunanet.com</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.nri.nu.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1995"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">local research on health, land and water, social
            sciences and traditional knowledge</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Sr Research Officer</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Mary Ellen</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Thomas</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.2.1.7" TOWN="Fredericton" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000103" PREVUPDATES="07.07.2004"
        UPDATED="29.03.2018" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Research and Productivity Council</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">RPC Science and Engineering</SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>921 College Hill Rd, <CITY>Fredericton</CITY>, NB <POSTCODE> E3B
                6Z9</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(506) 452-1212</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@rpc.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.rpc.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1962"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">also locations in Moncton and St George; research
            sections: bioscience; engineering, manufacturing and automation; environmental
            technologies; industrial process and product devt; mineral processing</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="21000"/> vols, 250 periodicals</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Exec. Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Eric</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Cook</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.2.1.8" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000104"
        PREVUPDATES="27.03.2008, 29.05.2002, 18.5.2009" UPDATED="29.03.2018"
        PREVRETURNS="11.05.2004, 12.04.2010,15.02.2011, 12.04.2012, 07.01.2013"
        RETURNED="14.02.2018" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Saskatchewan Research Council</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Colleen Marshall, Knowledge Management Co-ordinator <EMAIL>
              marshall@src.sk.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>125&amp;ndash;15 Innovation Blvd, <CITY>Saskatoon</CITY>, SK
                <POSTCODE> S7N 2X8</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(306) 933-5400</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@src.sk.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.src.sk.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1947"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">4 divs: agriculture and biotechnology, energy,
            environment, mining and minerals; brs in Saskatoon, Regina, Prince Albert,
            Calgary</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="25000"/> vols, 5,500 in-house publs and 300 periodicals
            </LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Laurier</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Schramm </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.202105031759.0001" INDEX="Y" UPDATED="03.05.2021" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Sentinelle Nord</TITLE>
          <TRANS INDEX="0" TOWN="Qu&amp;eacute;bec">Sentinel North</TRANS>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Brigitte Martin, Head of Int. Profile and Int. Partnership Devt,
              <EMAIL>brigitte.martin@bi.ulaval.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>Pavillon Alexandre-Vachon, 1045, Ave de la M&amp;eacute;decine, Local
              3432, Univ. Laval, <CITY>Qu&amp;eacute;bec</CITY>, QC <POSTCODE>G1V 0A6
              </POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(418) 656-3090</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@sn.ulaval.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.sentinelnorth.ulaval.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="2015"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ATTACHED-TO> Univ. Laval</ATTACHED-TO>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">research chairs in aquatic environmental
            geochemistry, neurobiology of stress and resilience, surveillance of avian influenza
            viruses in migratory birds in N Canada, relations with Inuit socs, economics and brain
            health, impact of animal migrations on arctic ecosystems, applications and theory of
            network analysis, molecular neurobiology of mood disorders, probing life and environment
            with light, ecosystemic approaches to health</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Co-Chair and Scientific Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Marcel Babin</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME/>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Co-Chair and Scientific Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Yves</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>De Koninck</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
    </SUB-LS-RI>
    <SUB-LS-RI ID="CA.2.2">
      <SUB-LS-RI-TITLE TITLE="AGRICULTUREFISHERIESANDVETERINARYSCIENCE"/>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.201805101611.0001" TOWN="Ottawa" INDEX="Y"
        PREVUPDATES="10.05.2018, 15.06.2021" UPDATED="30.08.2022" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Media enquiries, <EMAIL>media@agr.gc.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>1341 Baseline Rd, <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>K1A
              0C5</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(613) 773-2600</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>aafc.info.aac@agr.gc.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.agr.gc.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1867"/> as Dept of Agriculture</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">works with provincial and territorial govts for
            the devt and delivery of policies and programmes; research and devt centres in Lacombe
            and Lethbridge (AB); Agassiz and Summerland (BC); Brandon and Morden (MB); Fredericton
            (NB); Kentville (NS); Guelph, Harrow, London and Ottawa (ON); Qu&amp;eacute;bec City,
            St-Hyacinthe, St-Jean-sur-Richelieu and Sherbrooke (QC); St John&amp;rsquo;s (NL);
            Charlottetown (PE); Saskatoon and Swift Current (SK)</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Minister</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Hon.</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Marie-Claude</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME> Bibeau</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.2.2.1" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000105" UPDATED="02.04.2018" RETURNED="08.06.2007"
        DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Canadian Forest Service</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">Service Canadien des For&amp;ecirc;ts</SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS><CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>K1A
              0E4</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <WWW>www.nrcan.gc.ca/forests</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1899"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ATTACHED-TO> Natural Resources Canada</ATTACHED-TO>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">provides expertise on forest and forest fire
            monitoring, insect and disease identification, climate change, biodiversity,
            conservation; provides statistical data; supports FPInnovations (see Research
            Institutes, Technology) and research at Canadian forestry schools; incl. Atlantic
            Forestry Centre, Canadian Wood Fibre Centre, Great Lakes Forestry Centre, Laurentian
            Forestry Centre, Northern Forestry Centre, Pacific Forestry Centre </GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Asst Deputy Min.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Beth</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>MacNeil</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.2.2.2" TOWN="Ottawa" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000106" PREVUPDATES="07.07.2004"
        UPDATED="02.04.2018" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Dominion Arboretum and the Central Experimental Farm</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>Bldg 72, Central Experimental Farm, <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON
                <POSTCODE>K1A 0C6</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(613) 230-3276</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@friendsofthefarm.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.friendsofthefarm.ca/about-the-farm</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1886"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ATTACHED-TO> Dept of Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada</ATTACHED-TO>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">evaluation of woody plants for cold hardiness and
            adaptability; special living collns</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Doug</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Shouldice</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
    </SUB-LS-RI>
    <SUB-LS-RI ID="CA.2.7">
      <SUB-LS-RI-TITLE TITLE="ECONOMICSLAWANDPOLITICS"/>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804171659.0001" INDEX="Y" UPDATED="17.04.2018" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Atlantic Institute for Market Studies</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Marco Navarro-Genie, Pres. and CEO,
            <EMAIL>mng@aims.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>Park West Centre, 287 Lacewood Dr., Suite 204, <CITY>Halifax </CITY>,
              NS <POSTCODE>B3M 3Y7</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(902) 429-1143</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>aims@aims.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.aims.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1994"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">research into economy and society of Atlantic
            Canada and its 4 constituent provinces; research areas incl. healthcare, education,
            equalization, unemployment insurance, urban affairs and local govt, fisheries and
            aquaculture, public finances, social welfare, energy, impact of Canada-US relations and
            free trade </GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Marco</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Navarro-Genie</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804171519.0001" TOWN="Brandon" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="17.04.2018"
        UPDATED="15.06.2021" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Rural Development Institute </TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Eileen Silvius, Admin. Asst,
            <EMAIL>silviuse@brandonu.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>Brandon Univ., 270&amp;ndash;18th St, <CITY>Brandon</CITY>, MB
                <POSTCODE>R7A 6A9</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(204) 571-8515</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>rdi@brandonu.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.brandonu.ca/rdi</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1989"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ATTACHED-TO> Brandon Univ.</ATTACHED-TO>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">research in the areas of governance and capacity
            building, regional economic devt, rural immigration, rural infrastructure services,
            rural innovation </GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>William</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Ashton</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <PUB-GRP>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Journal of Rural and Community Development</JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
          </PUB-GRP>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
    </SUB-LS-RI>
    <SUB-LS-RI ID="CA.2.3">
      <SUB-LS-RI-TITLE TITLE="MEDICINE"/>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.2.3.4" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000110"
        PREVUPDATES="08.07.2004, 07/08/00, 18.5.2009, 02.04.2018" UPDATED="04.03.2022"
        PREVRETURNS="4.3.2010, 14.03.2013" RETURNED="09.01.2014" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Canadian Cancer Society Research Institute</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Lori Moser, Programme Man.,
            <EMAIL>lori.moser@cancer.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>55 St Clair Ave W, Suite 300, <CITY>Toronto</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> M4V
                2Y7</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(416) 961-7223</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>research@cancer.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.cancer.ca/research</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1947"/> as Nat. Cancer Institute of Canada, present name
              and status 2009</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">research grant-awarding agency; research portfolio
            incl. risk reduction and prevention research, basic biomedical and translational
            research, quality of life research</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Research</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Judy</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Bray</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir for Research Operations</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Jennifer</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Wilson</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.2.3.3" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000107"
        PREVUPDATES="17.08.2001;22/08/00, 08.07.2004, 26.12.2014, 02.04.2018, 11.06.2020, 15.06.2021"
        UPDATED="30.08.2022" RETURNED="13.07.2012" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Canadian Institutes of Health Research</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">Instituts de Recherche en Sant&amp;eacute; du Canada</SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>9th Fl., 160 Elgin St, <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> K1A
                0W9</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(613) 941-2672</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>mediarelations@cihr-irsc.gc.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.cihr-irsc.gc.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="2000"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ATTACHED-TO> Health Canada</ATTACHED-TO>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">consists of institutes of aging; cancer research;
            circulatory and respiratory health; gender and health; genetics; health services and
            policy research; human devt, child and youth health; indigenous peoples' health;
            infection and immunity; musculoskeletal health and arthritis; neurosciences, mental
            health and addiction; nutrition, metabolism and diabetes; population and public health;
            funds research on coronavirus disease COVID-19 through COVID-19 rapid research funding
            opportunity</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Michael J.</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME> Strong</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Exec. Vice-Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Catherine</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>MacLeod</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.2.3.1" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000108" UPDATED="02.04.2018" RETURNED="12.05.2010"
        DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Cancer Care Ontario</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>620 University Ave, <CITY>Toronto</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> M5G
                2L7</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(416) 971-9800</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@cis.cancer.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.cancercare.on.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1943"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">research topics incl. cancer surveillance, risk
            factors and cancer system quality in Ontario; datasets for cancer research; planning for
            better patient outcomes</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Michael</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Sherar</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804171546.0001" INDEX="Y" UPDATED="17.04.2018" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Firestone Institute for Respiratory Health</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Marnie Buchanan, FIRH Clinical Man., <EMAIL>mbuchana@stjosham.on.ca
            </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>St Joseph's Healthcare, 50 Charlton Ave E, <CITY>Hamilton </CITY>, ON
                <POSTCODE>L8N 4A6</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(905) 522-1155</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <WWW>www.firh.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1978"/> as Firestone Regional Chest and Allergy
              Clinic</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ATTACHED-TO>McMaster Univ.</ATTACHED-TO>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">research into airway diseases, chronic lung
            disease, cough, asthma, bronchitis, upper airway inflammation, effects of cigarette
            smoke, allergic airway diseases</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Clinical Man.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Marnie</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Buchanan</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Man. for Respiratory Services</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Leslie</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Brooks</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804171534.0001" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="17.04.2018" UPDATED="15.06.2021"
        DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Ontario Institute for Cancer Research (OICR)</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>MaRS Centre, 661 University Ave, Suite 510, <CITY>Toronto </CITY>, ON
                <POSTCODE>M5G 0A3</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(416) 977-7599</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@oicr.on.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.oicr.on.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="2005"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">conducts collaborative, cross-disciplinary
            research; research programmes incl. computational biology, diagnostic devt, genome
            informatics, genomics </GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and Scientific Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Laszlo</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Radvanyi</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.202006100144.0001" TOWN="Hamilton" INDEX="Y" UPDATED="10.06.2020" DP="NO"
        SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Population Health Research Institute</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Salim Yusuf, Exec. Dir, <EMAIL>yusufs@mcmaster.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>237 Barton St E, <CITY>Hamilton</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>L8L
                2X2</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <EMAIL>information@phri.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.phri.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1999"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ATTACHED-TO> McMaster Univ. and Hamilton Health Sciences</ATTACHED-TO>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">research on acute coronary syndromes; arrhythmia
            and thrombosis; cardiovascular disease prevention and risk factors; diabetes; genetics;
            heart failure; perioperative and surgery; stroke and cognition; population health incl.
            anti-coronavirus therapies to prevent progression of coronavirus disease
            COVID-19</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Exec. Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Salim</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Yusuf </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
    </SUB-LS-RI>
    <SUB-LS-RI ID="CA.2.4">
      <SUB-LS-RI-TITLE TITLE="NATURALSCIENCES"/>
      <SUB-SUB-LS-RI ID="CA.2.4.1">
        <TITLE>
          <REND TYPE="ITALIC">General</REND>
        </TITLE>
        <SECONDARY ID="CA.2.4.1.1" TOWN="Calgary" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000111"
          PREVUPDATES="24.10.2007, 17.08.2001;07/08/00; 08.07.2004,20.06.2007, 18.5.2009, 02.04.2018"
          UPDATED="15.06.2021"
          PREVRETURNS="18/02/2010, 30.03.2011, 17.04.2012, 08.01.2013, 08.01.2014, 12.01.2015, 12.01.2016, 15.02.2017, 26.01.2018, 19.02.2019"
          RETURNED="20.01.2020" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
          <TIBLOCK>
            <TITLE>Arctic Institute of North America</TITLE>
          </TIBLOCK>
          <BLOCK>
            <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Melanie Paulson, Admin. Co-ordinator, <EMAIL>mpaulson@ucalgary.ca
              </EMAIL></CONTACT>
            <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
              <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>Univ. of Calgary, 2500 University Dr. NW, ES-1040, <CITY>
                  Calgary</CITY>, AB <POSTCODE>T2N 1N4</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
            </ADDRESS>
            <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
              <NUMBER>(403) 220-7515</NUMBER>
            </TEL>
            <EMAIL>arctic@ucalgary.ca</EMAIL>
            <WWW>www.arctic.ucalgary.ca</WWW>
            <FOUNDED>
              <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1945"/>, present status 1979</FOUND-PTEXT>
            </FOUNDED>
            <ATTACHED-TO>Univ. of Calgary</ATTACHED-TO>
            <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">multi and inter-disciplinary research on
              physical, biological and social sciences; provides research infrastructure at Kluane
              Lake Research Station</GEN-INFO>
            <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
              <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="40000"/> vols</LIB-PTEXT>
            </LIB-VOL>
            <ADMINSTAFF>
              <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Exec. Dir</JOB>
              <NAME>
                <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                <FORENAME>Maribeth</FORENAME>
                <SURNAME>Murray </SURNAME>
              </NAME>
            </ADMINSTAFF>
            <PUB-GRP>
              <PUBLICATION>
                <JOURNAL>Arctic</JOURNAL>
                <ADD-JOURNAL>4 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
              </PUBLICATION>
            </PUB-GRP>
          </BLOCK>
        </SECONDARY>
        <SECONDARY ID="CA.2.4.1.2" TOWN="Ottawa" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000112"
          PREVUPDATES="08.07.2004, 18.5.2009, 02.04.2018" UPDATED="27.08.2020" RETURNED="17.06.2010"
          DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
          <TIBLOCK>
            <TITLE>International Development Research Centre</TITLE>
            <SUPP INDEX="1" TOWN="Ottawa">Centre de Recherches pour le D&amp;eacute;veloppement
              International</SUPP>
          </TIBLOCK>
          <BLOCK>
            <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Bill Carman <EMAIL>bcarman@idrc.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
            <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
              <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>POB 8500, <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>K1G
                3H9</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
            </ADDRESS>
            <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
              <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>150 Kent St, <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>K1P
                0B2</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
            </ADDRESS>
            <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
              <NUMBER>(613) 236-6163</NUMBER>
            </TEL>
            <EMAIL>info@idrc.ca</EMAIL>
            <WWW>www.idrc.ca</WWW>
            <FOUNDED>
              <FOUND-PTEXT>
                <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1970"/>
              </FOUND-PTEXT>
            </FOUNDED>
            <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">funds research in developing countries; regional
              offices in Cairo, Montevideo, Nairobi, New Delhi; funds research on coronavirus
              disease COVID-19 through COVID-19 rapid research funding opportunity</GEN-INFO>
            <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
              <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="60000"/> vols, 5,000 serials, 1,000 pamphlets and annual
                reports</LIB-PTEXT>
            </LIB-VOL>
            <ADMINSTAFF>
              <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
              <NAME>
                <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                <FORENAME>Jean</FORENAME>
                <SURNAME>Lebel</SURNAME>
              </NAME>
            </ADMINSTAFF>
          </BLOCK>
        </SECONDARY>
        <SECONDARY ID="CA.2.4.1.3" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000113"
          PREVUPDATES="07/08/00, 08.07.2004, 02.04.2018, 14.11.2019, 26.09.2020"
          UPDATED="30.08.2022" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
          <TIBLOCK>
            <TITLE>Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada</TITLE>
            <SUPP INDEX="1">Conseil de Recherches en Sciences Naturelles et en G&amp;eacute;nie du
              Canada</SUPP>
          </TIBLOCK>
          <BLOCK>
            <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Alejandro Adem, Pres.,
              <EMAIL>exec@nserc-crsng.gc.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
            <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
              <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>16th Fl., 350 Albert St, <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> K1A
                  1H5</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
            </ADDRESS>
            <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
              <NUMBER>(613) 992-5337</NUMBER>
            </TEL>
            <EMAIL>comm@nserc-crsng.gc.ca</EMAIL>
            <WWW>www.nserc-crsng.gc.ca</WWW>
            <FOUNDED>
              <FOUND-PTEXT>
                <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1978"/>
              </FOUND-PTEXT>
            </FOUNDED>
            <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">supports basic univ. research through research
              grants, and project research through partnerships of univs with industry; regional
              offices in Atlantic, Ontario, Pacific, Prairies, Qu&amp;eacute;bec; funds research on
              coronavirus disease COVID-19 through COVID-19 rapid research funding
              opportunity</GEN-INFO>
            <ADMINSTAFF>
              <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
              <NAME>
                <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                <FORENAME>Alejandro</FORENAME>
                <SURNAME>Adem </SURNAME>
              </NAME>
            </ADMINSTAFF>
          </BLOCK>
        </SECONDARY>
      </SUB-SUB-LS-RI>
      <SUB-SUB-LS-RI ID="CA.2.4.2">
        <TITLE>
          <REND TYPE="ITALIC">Biological Sciences</REND>
        </TITLE>
        <SECONDARY ID="CA.2.4.2.1" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000114" PREVUPDATES="08.07.2004, 2.6.2009"
          UPDATED="02.04.2018" RETURNED="14.04.2010" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
          <TIBLOCK>
            <TITLE>Huntsman Marine Science Centre</TITLE>
            <SUPP INDEX="1">Huntsman Ocean Sciences O&amp;cacute;eaniques</SUPP>
          </TIBLOCK>
          <BLOCK>
            <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
              <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>1 Lower Campus Rd, <CITY>St Andrews</CITY>, NB <POSTCODE> E5B
                  2L7</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
            </ADDRESS>
            <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
              <NUMBER>(506) 529-1200</NUMBER>
            </TEL>
            <EMAIL>huntsman@huntsmanmarine.ca</EMAIL>
            <WWW>www.huntsmanmarine.ca</WWW>
            <FOUNDED>
              <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1969"/> as Huntsman Marine Laboratory, current name
                adopted 1987</FOUND-PTEXT>
            </FOUNDED>
            <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">research into marine biology, bird banding,
              community structures of plankton; incl. Huntsman&amp;rsquo;s Research Vessel, St
              Andrews Bird Banding Station, Atlantic Reference Centre</GEN-INFO>
            <ADMINSTAFF>
              <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Exec. Dir</JOB>
              <NAME>
                <FORENAME>Jamey</FORENAME>
                <SURNAME>Smith</SURNAME>
              </NAME>
            </ADMINSTAFF>
          </BLOCK>
        </SECONDARY>
        <SECONDARY ID="CA.2.4.2.2" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000115"
          PREVUPDATES="10.03.2007; 08.07.2004; 22/08/00, 27.03.2008" UPDATED="02.04.2018"
          PREVRETURNS="12.04.2007, 04.02.2010,22.01.2011, 01.02.2012, 05.02.2013, 22.01.2014, 25.02.2015, 16.01.2016, 07.01.2017, 09.01.2018"
          RETURNED="19.02.2019" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
          <TIBLOCK>
            <TITLE>Jardin Botanique de Montr&amp;eacute;al</TITLE>
            <TRANS INDEX="1">Montr&amp;eacute;al Space for Life</TRANS>
          </TIBLOCK>
          <BLOCK>
            <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Steluta Ovesia, Documentalist</CONTACT>
            <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
              <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>4101 rue Sherbrooke Est, <CITY>Montr&amp;eacute;al</CITY>, QC
                  <POSTCODE> H1X 2B2</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
            </ADDRESS>
            <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
              <NUMBER>(514) 868-3000</NUMBER>
            </TEL>
            <EMAIL>jbm_bibliotheque@ville.montreal.qc.ca</EMAIL>
            <WWW>espacepourlavie.ca</WWW>
            <FOUNDED>
              <FOUND-PTEXT>
                <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1931"/>
              </FOUND-PTEXT>
            </FOUNDED>
            <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">insectarium with colln of 22,000 plant species
              and cultivars, Montr&amp;eacute;al Biod&amp;ocirc;me showcasing ecosystems of the
              Americas incl. colln of 220 animal species and 500 plant species, 20 thematic gardens,
              10 greenhouses; affiliated botanical and horticultural socs; Univ. de
              Montr&amp;eacute;al Biodiversity Centre</GEN-INFO>
            <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
              <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="30000"/> vols on botany, horticulture, landscaping and natural
                sciences; 60,000 vols of periodicals (500 titles)</LIB-PTEXT>
            </LIB-VOL>
            <ADMINSTAFF>
              <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir for Botanical Garden</JOB>
              <NAME>
                <FORENAME>Ren&amp;eacute;</FORENAME>
                <SURNAME>Pronovost</SURNAME>
              </NAME>
            </ADMINSTAFF>
            <ADMINSTAFF>
              <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Botanist</JOB>
              <NAME>
                <FORENAME>Fr&amp;eacute;d&amp;eacute;ric</FORENAME>
                <SURNAME>Pitre</SURNAME>
              </NAME>
            </ADMINSTAFF>
          </BLOCK>
        </SECONDARY>
      </SUB-SUB-LS-RI>
      <SUB-SUB-LS-RI ID="CA.2.4.5">
        <TITLE>Mathematical Sciences</TITLE>
        <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804171727.0001" TOWN="Montr&amp;eacute;al" INDEX="Y"
          PREVUPDATES="17.04.2018" UPDATED="15.06.2021" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
          <TIBLOCK>
            <TITLE>Centre de Recherches Math&amp;eacute;matiques (CRM)</TITLE>
            <TRANS INDEX="1" TOWN="Montr&amp;eacute;al">Mathematical Research Center</TRANS>
          </TIBLOCK>
          <BLOCK>
            <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">V&amp;eacute;ronique Hussin, Deputy Dir for Publs and
              Communications, <EMAIL> hussin@crm.umontreal.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
            <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
              <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>Univ. de Montr&amp;eacute;al, POB 6128, Centre-ville Station, <CITY>
                  Montr&amp;eacute;al</CITY>, QC <POSTCODE>H3C 3J7</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
            </ADDRESS>
            <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
              <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>Univ. de Montr&amp;eacute;al, Pavillon Andr&amp;eacute;-Aisenstadt,
                2920 Chemin de la Tour, Room 5357, <CITY>Montr&amp;eacute;al</CITY>, QC <POSTCODE>
                  H3T 1J4</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
            </ADDRESS>
            <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
              <NUMBER>(514) 343-7501</NUMBER>
            </TEL>
            <EMAIL>crm@crm.umontreal.ca</EMAIL>
            <WWW>www.crm.umontreal.ca</WWW>
            <FOUNDED>
              <FOUND-PTEXT>
                <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1968"/>
              </FOUND-PTEXT>
            </FOUNDED>
            <ADMINSTAFF>
              <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir</JOB>
              <NAME>
                <FORENAME>Luc</FORENAME>
                <SURNAME>Vinet</SURNAME>
              </NAME>
            </ADMINSTAFF>
          </BLOCK>
        </SECONDARY>
        <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804171441.0001" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="17.04.2018" UPDATED="15.11.2021"
          RETURNED="04.01.2023" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
          <TIBLOCK>
            <TITLE>Pacific Institute for the Mathematical Sciences</TITLE>
          </TIBLOCK>
          <BLOCK>
            <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Dr Brian Marcus, Deputy Dir, <EMAIL>deputy-director@pims.math.ca
              </EMAIL></CONTACT>
            <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
              <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>4176&amp;ndash;2207 Main Mall, <CITY>Vancouver</CITY>, BC <POSTCODE>
                  V6T 1Z4</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
            </ADDRESS>
            <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
              <NUMBER>(604) 822-3922 </NUMBER>
            </TEL>
            <EMAIL>reception@pims.math.ca</EMAIL>
            <WWW>www.pims.math.ca</WWW>
            <FOUNDED>
              <FOUND-PTEXT>
                <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1996"/>
              </FOUND-PTEXT>
            </FOUNDED>
            <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">also sites in Univs of Alberta, Calgary,
              Lethbridge, Manitoba, Regina, Saskatchewan, Victoria; Washington, USA; Simon Fraser
              Univ.; awards CRM-Fields-PIMS Prize</GEN-INFO>
            <ADMINSTAFF>
              <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir</JOB>
              <NAME>
                <FORENAME>Jayadev</FORENAME>
                <SURNAME>Athreya</SURNAME>
              </NAME>
            </ADMINSTAFF>
          </BLOCK>
        </SECONDARY>
      </SUB-SUB-LS-RI>
      <SUB-SUB-LS-RI ID="CA.2.4.3">
        <TITLE>Physical Sciences</TITLE>
        <SECONDARY ID="CA.2.4.3.1" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000115A" PREVUPDATES="08.07.2004, 02.04.2018"
          UPDATED="30.08.2022" RETURNED="17.02.2011" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
          <TIBLOCK>
            <TITLE>Algonquin Radio Observatory (ARO)</TITLE>
          </TIBLOCK>
          <BLOCK>
            <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Pierre Sauve, <EMAIL>plsauve@nrcan.gc.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
            <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
              <VERBATIM-ADDRESS> RR6, <CITY>Pembroke</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>K8A
                6W7</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
            </ADDRESS>
            <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
              <NUMBER>(905) 713-2884</NUMBER>
            </TEL>
            <EMAIL>sales@thothx.com</EMAIL>
            <WWW>www.thothx.com/aro/overview</WWW>
            <FOUNDED>
              <FOUND-PTEXT>
                <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1959"/>
              </FOUND-PTEXT>
            </FOUNDED>
            <ATTACHED-TO> Thoth Technology Inc.</ATTACHED-TO>
            <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">conducts observations and measurements incl. DSN
              communications for space missions, radio observation of astronomic and space targets,
              very long baseline interferometry, ranging and cataloguing of Earth orbit objects;
              incl. 46 m Thoth antenna</GEN-INFO>
            <ADMINSTAFF>
              <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir</JOB>
              <NAME>
                <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                <FORENAME>Brendan</FORENAME>
                <SURNAME>Quine </SURNAME>
              </NAME>
            </ADMINSTAFF>
          </BLOCK>
        </SECONDARY>
        <SECONDARY ID="CA.2.4.3.3" TOWN="Victoria" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000117"
          PREVUPDATES="29.05.2002, 08.07.2004, 19.02.2020" UPDATED="02.04.2018"
          PREVRETURNS="24.01.2019, 02.06.2021" RETURNED="24.01.2022" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
          SLSDOCRF="sref">
          <TIBLOCK>
            <TITLE>Dominion Astrophysical Observatory</TITLE>
          </TIBLOCK>
          <BLOCK>
            <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Kevin Farris, Man., Admin. and Communications
                <EMAIL>kevin.farris@nrc-cnrc.gc.ca </EMAIL></CONTACT>
            <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
              <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>5071 West Saanich Rd, <CITY>Victoria</CITY>, BC <POSTCODE> V9E
                  2E7</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
            </ADDRESS>
            <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
              <NUMBER>(250) 363-0001</NUMBER>
            </TEL>
            <EMAIL>NRC.DAO-OFA.CNRC@nrc-cnrc.gc.ca</EMAIL>
            <FOUNDED>
              <FOUND-PTEXT>
                <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1918"/>
              </FOUND-PTEXT>
            </FOUNDED>
            <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
              <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="20000"/> vols</LIB-PTEXT>
            </LIB-VOL>
            <ADMINSTAFF>
              <JOB STATUS="ACTING">Dir</JOB>
              <NAME>
                <ACAD-TITLE>Dr </ACAD-TITLE>
                <FORENAME>James</FORENAME>
                <SURNAME>di Francesco </SURNAME>
              </NAME>
            </ADMINSTAFF>
          </BLOCK>
        </SECONDARY>
        <SECONDARY ID="CA.2.4.3.4" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000118" PREVUPDATES="08.07.2004, 08.04.2008"
          UPDATED="03.04.2018" RETURNED="10.05.2007" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
          <TIBLOCK>
            <TITLE>Geological Survey of Canada</TITLE>
            <SUPP INDEX="1">Commission G&amp;eacute;ologique du Canada</SUPP>
          </TIBLOCK>
          <BLOCK>
            <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
              <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>601 Booth St, <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>K1A 0E8
                </POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
            </ADDRESS>
            <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
              <NUMBER>(613) 992-1400</NUMBER>
            </TEL>
            <EMAIL>resource2897@nrcan-rncan.gc.ca</EMAIL>
            <WWW>www.nrcan.gc.ca/earth-sciences/science/geology/gsc/17100</WWW>
            <FOUNDED>
              <FOUND-PTEXT>
                <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1842"/>
              </FOUND-PTEXT>
            </FOUNDED>
            <ATTACHED-TO> Natural Resources Canada</ATTACHED-TO>
            <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">geoscientific information and research for
              sustainable devt of mineral, energy and water resources; offices incl. GSC Atlantic,
              Calgary, Central Canada, N Canada, Pacific, Qu&amp;eacute;bec; Canadian Hazards
              Information Service</GEN-INFO>
            <ADMINSTAFF>
              <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir-Gen.</JOB>
              <NAME>
                <FORENAME>Daniel</FORENAME>
                <SURNAME>Lebel</SURNAME>
              </NAME>
            </ADMINSTAFF>
          </BLOCK>
        </SECONDARY>
        <SECONDARY ID="CA.2.4.3.5" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000119" PREVUPDATES="26.03.2014"
          UPDATED="03.04.2018" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
          <TIBLOCK>
            <TITLE>Nuclear Magnetic Resonance Centre</TITLE>
          </TIBLOCK>
          <BLOCK>
            <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Lewis E. Kay<EMAIL>kay@pound.med.utoronto.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
            <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
              <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>Dept of Biochemistry, Univ. of Toronto, 1st Fl., Medical Sciences
                Building, Room 1233, <CITY>Toronto</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>M5S
                1A8</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
            </ADDRESS>
            <WWW>biochemistry.utoronto.ca/technology/nmr-centre</WWW>
            <FOUNDED>
              <FOUND-PTEXT>
                <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1970"/>
              </FOUND-PTEXT>
            </FOUNDED>
            <ATTACHED-TO> Univ. of Toronto</ATTACHED-TO>
            <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">research into cell shape, cell signalling,
              immune responses, cell adhesion, cell cycle and their roles in human health and
              diseases such as cancer, cystic fibrosis, neurodegenerative diseases</GEN-INFO>
          </BLOCK>
        </SECONDARY>
        <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804171644.0001" INDEX="Y" UPDATED="17.04.2018" RETURNED="01.03.2019"
          DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
          <TIBLOCK>
            <TITLE>TRIUMF</TITLE>
            <SUPP INDEX="1">Centre Canadien d'Acc&amp;eacute;l&amp;eacute;ration des Particules
            </SUPP>
          </TIBLOCK>
          <BLOCK>
            <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
              <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>4004 Wesbrook Mall, 6095 Nurseries Rd, <CITY>Vancouver</CITY>, BC
                  <POSTCODE>V6T 2A3</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
            </ADDRESS>
            <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
              <NUMBER>(604) 222-1047</NUMBER>
            </TEL>
            <EMAIL>communications@triumf.ca</EMAIL>
            <WWW>www.triumf.ca</WWW>
            <FOUNDED>
              <FOUND-PTEXT>
                <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1968"/>
              </FOUND-PTEXT>
            </FOUNDED>
            <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">nat. particle accelerator centre; research areas
              incl. accelerator physics, detector devt, molecular and materials science, life
              sciences-nuclear medicine, particle physics, rare-isotope beams</GEN-INFO>
            <ADMINSTAFF>
              <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir</JOB>
              <NAME>
                <FORENAME>Jonathan</FORENAME>
                <SURNAME>Bagger</SURNAME>
              </NAME>
            </ADMINSTAFF>
          </BLOCK>
        </SECONDARY>
      </SUB-SUB-LS-RI>
    </SUB-LS-RI>
    <SUB-LS-RI ID="CA.2.5">
      <SUB-LS-RI-TITLE TITLE="RELIGIONSOCIOLOGYANDANTHROPOLOGY"/>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.2.5.3" TOWN="Ottawa" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000122"
        PREVUPDATES="29.05.2002, 18.5.2009, 03.04.2018" UPDATED="26.08.2020" PREVRETURNS="15/08/00"
        DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Social Sciences and Humanities Research Council</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1" TOWN="Ottawa">Conseil de Recherches en Sciences Humaines</SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">The English Editor, Public Affairs Division </CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>350 Albert St, POB 1610, <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> K1P
                6G4</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(613) 995-4273</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>webgrant@sshrc-crsh.gc.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.sshrc-crsh.gc.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1977"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">promotes and supports post-secondary-based
            research and research training, multiparty collaborations; supports aboriginal research;
            funds research on coronavirus disease COVID-19 through COVID-19 rapid research funding
            opportunity </GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Ted</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Hewitt</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Exec. Vice-Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Brent</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Herbert-Copley</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
    </SUB-LS-RI>
    <SUB-LS-RI ID="CA.2.6">
      <SUB-LS-RI-TITLE TITLE="TECHNOLOGY"/>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.202006221821.0001" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="22.06.2020" UPDATED="15.11.2021"
        DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Alberta Machine Intelligence Institute</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>1101, 10065 Jasper Ave NW, <CITY>Edmonton</CITY>, AB <POSTCODE> T5J
                3B1</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(587) 415-6100</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>hello@amii.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.amii.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="2002"/> as Alberta Ingenuity Centre for Machine Learning,
              present name and status 2017</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">research areas incl. data mining and analysis,
            deep learning, games and game theory, heuristic search, natural language processing,
            precision health, privacy, bias and explainability, reinforcement learning, robotics,
            social network analysis</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Cam</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Linke</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <PUB-GRP>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Amii Journal</JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
          </PUB-GRP>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.2.6.1" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000123"
        PREVUPDATES="08.07.2004, 03.04.2018, 15.06.2021" UPDATED="15.11.2021" DP="NO"
        SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Atomic Energy of Canada, Ltd</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>Chalk River Laboratories, 286 Plant Rd, Station 508<REND TYPE="SC"
                >a</REND>, <CITY>Chalk River</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>K0J
              1J0</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(888) 220-2465</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>communications@aecl.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.aecl.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1952"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">oversees delivery of Federal Nuclear Science and
            Technology Work Plan; research into environment and responsible waste management, health
            and biological applications, national security and emergency preparedness, new nuclear
            technologies</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Fred</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Dermarkar</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
        <ATTACHED-GRP ID="CA.2.6.1.1">
          <ATTACHED-GRP-TITLE>Attached Laboratories</ATTACHED-GRP-TITLE>
          <ATTACH-LIST ID="CA.2.6.1.1.1">
            <SECONDARY ID="CA.2.6.1.1.11" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="03.04.2018, 15.06.2021"
              UPDATED="15.11.2021" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
              <TIBLOCK>
                <TITLE>Canadian Nuclear Laboratories</TITLE>
                <SUPP INDEX="1">Laboratoires Nucl&amp;eacute;aires</SUPP>
              </TIBLOCK>
              <BLOCK>
                <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
                  <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>Chalk River Laboratories, 286 Plant Rd, <CITY>Chalk River
                    </CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>K0J 1J0</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
                </ADDRESS>
                <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
                  <NUMBER>(613) 584-3311</NUMBER>
                </TEL>
                <EMAIL>communications@cnl.ca</EMAIL>
                <WWW>www.cnl.ca</WWW>
                <FOUNDED>
                  <FOUND-PTEXT>
                    <FOUND-DATE YEAR="2014"/>
                  </FOUND-PTEXT>
                </FOUNDED>
                <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">incl. Whiteshell Laboratories, Port Hope
                  Office and Laboratory, Port Hope Area Initiative, Centre for Nuclear Energy
                  Research, National Innovation Centre for Cybersecurity</GEN-INFO>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and CEO</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Joe</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>McBrearty</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
              </BLOCK>
            </SECONDARY>
          </ATTACH-LIST>
        </ATTACHED-GRP>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.2.6.3" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000125" PREVUPDATES="227.03.2008, 27.03.2014"
        UPDATED="03.04.2018" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Canada Centre for Inland Waters</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">Centre Canadien des Eaux Int&amp;eacute;rieures</SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Director, Science Liaison Branch</CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>867 Lakeshore Rd, POB 5050, <CITY>Burlington</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> L7R
                4A6</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(905) 336-4981</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1967"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">freshwater research complex of the depts of
            environment and fisheries and oceans</GEN-INFO>
        </BLOCK>
        <ATTACHED-GRP ID="CA.2.6.3.1">
          <ATTACHED-GRP-TITLE>Attached Research Institutes</ATTACHED-GRP-TITLE>
          <ATTACH-LIST ID="CA.2.6.3.1.1">
            <SECONDARY ID="CA.2.6.3.1.1.2" TOWN="Burlington, Ontario" INDEX="Y" APPID="125.2"
              RETURNED="08.06.2007" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
              <TIBLOCK>
                <TITLE>Bayfield Institute</TITLE>
              </TIBLOCK>
              <BLOCK>
                <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
                  <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>867 Lakeshore Rd, POB 5050, <CITY>Burlington</CITY>, ON
                      <POSTCODE> L7R 4A6</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
                </ADDRESS>
                <ATTACHED-TO>Dept of Fisheries and Oceans</ATTACHED-TO>
                <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">comprises Great Lakes Laboratory for
                  Fisheries and Aquatic Sciences; Fisheries and Habitat Management; Canadian
                  Hydrographic Service; Small Craft Harbours br.; and support for
                  shipping</GEN-INFO>
              </BLOCK>
            </SECONDARY>
            <SECONDARY ID="CA.2.6.3.1.1.1" TOWN="Burlington, Ontario" INDEX="Y" APPID="125.1"
              UPDATED="23.07.2002" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
              <TIBLOCK>
                <TITLE>National Water Research Institute</TITLE>
              </TIBLOCK>
              <BLOCK>
                <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
                  <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>867 Lakeshore Rd, POB 5050, <CITY>Burlington</CITY>, ON
                      <POSTCODE> L7R 4A6</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
                </ADDRESS>
                <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
                  <NUMBER>(905) 336-4675</NUMBER>
                </TEL>
                <EMAIL>nwriscience.liaison@ec.gc.ca</EMAIL>
                <ATTACHED-TO>Environment and Climate Change Canada</ATTACHED-TO>
                <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">freshwater research facility; operates 2
                  main centres: Canada Centre for Inland Waters and National Hydrology Research
                  Centre; comprises the Nat. Laboratory for Environmental Testing (NLET) and
                  programme office for the UN&amp;rsquo;s Global Environment Monitoring System
                  (GEMS/Water)</GEN-INFO>
                <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
                  <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="58000"/> vols, 110 journals, 110 ejournals</LIB-PTEXT>
                </LIB-VOL>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir-Gen.</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <ACAD-TITLE>Dr </ACAD-TITLE>
                    <FORENAME>John H. </FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Carey </SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
              </BLOCK>
            </SECONDARY>
          </ATTACH-LIST>
        </ATTACHED-GRP>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.202105031714.0001" INDEX="Y" UPDATED="03.05.2021" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Centre d&amp;rsquo;Optique, Photonique et Laser (COPL)</TITLE>
          <TRANS INDEX="1" TOWN="Qu&amp;eacute;bec">Centre for Optics, Photonics and Lasers </TRANS>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Brigitte Martin, Head of Int. Profile and Int. Partnership Devt,
              <EMAIL>brigitte.martin@bi.ulaval.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>2375, rue de la Terrasse, Local 2104, <CITY>Qu&amp;eacute;bec </CITY>,
              QC <POSTCODE>G1V 0A6</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(418) 656-2454</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>copl@copl.ulaval.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.copl.ulaval.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1989"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ATTACHED-TO> Univ. Laval</ATTACHED-TO>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">research areas incl. fiber-optics and guided-wave
            optics, lasers and short pulses, optical communications, biophotonics, photonic
            materials </GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Sophie</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>LaRochelle</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.2.6.4" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000126" PREVUPDATES="11.6.2009"
        UPDATED="03.04.2018" PREVRETURNS="11.05.2004, 08.06.2007" RETURNED="03.02.2011" DP="NO"
        SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>FPInnovations</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Marjolaine Dugas, Dir for Communications,
              <EMAIL>marjolaine.dugas@fpinnovations.ca </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>570 Saint-Jean Blvd, <CITY>Pointe-Claire</CITY>, QC <POSTCODE> H9R
                3J9</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(514) 630-4100</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@fpinnovations.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.fpinnovations.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1979"/>, fmrly Forintek Canada Corp.</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">research programmes incl. resource assessment;
            forest operations; wildfire operations; primary and secondary wood products
            manufacturing; advanced building systems; market pulp; paper, packaging and consumer
            products; bioproducts; bio-refinery and energy; pit group; environment and
            sustainability; value maximization and decision support; research and devt laboratories
            in Montr&amp;eacute;al, Qu&amp;eacute;bec City, Vancouver</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>St&amp;eacute;phane</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Renou</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chief Financial Officer</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Yves</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Nadon</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804171612.0001" TOWN="Victoria" INDEX="Y" UPDATED="17.04.2018"
        PREVRETURNS="08.01.2019" RETURNED="19.02.2020" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Herzberg Astronomy and Astrophysics Research Centre</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Kevin Farris, Manager Admin. and Communications
              <EMAIL>kevin.farris@nrc-cnrc.gc.ca </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>5071 West Saanich Rd, <CITY>Victoria</CITY>, BC <POSTCODE> V9E
                2E7</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(250) 363-0001</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <WWW>www.canada.ca/nrc-astronomy</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1975"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ATTACHED-TO> Nat. Research Ccl of Canada</ATTACHED-TO>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">operates Canada's nat. observatories, a national
            astronomy data centre and develops advanced astronomical instruments; research
            programmes on astronomy technology, optical astronomy, radio astronomy</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir-Gen.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Luc </FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Simard</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804171627.0001" TOWN="Garching" INDEX="Y" UPDATED="17.04.2018"
        PREVRETURNS="11.03.2021, 11.02.2022" RETURNED="09.01.2023" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Institute for Quantum Computing</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">David Cory, Deputy Dir, Research, <EMAIL>dcory@uwaterloo.ca
            </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>Mike and Ophelia Lazaridis Quantum-Nano Centre (Lazaridis Centre),
              Univ. of Waterloo, 200 University Ave, <CITY>Waterloo</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> N2L
                3G1</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(519) 888-4021</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>iqc@uwaterloo.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>uwaterloo.ca/institute-for-quantum-computing</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="2002"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ATTACHED-TO> Univ. of Waterloo</ATTACHED-TO>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">conducts research to use quantum mechanics to
            develop new technologies in the areas of computing, communications, sensing</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="ACTING">Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Kevin</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Resch</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.202006221740.0001" TOWN="Windsor" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="22.06.2020"
        UPDATED="15.06.2021" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Intelligent Manufacturing Systems Centre (IMS)</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Prof. Dr Hoda el-Maraghy, Dir,
            <EMAIL>hae@uwindsor.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>Room 3020 and 1212 , Ed Lumley Centre for Engineering Innovation,
              Univ. of Windsor, 401 Sunset Ave, <CITY>Windsor</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>N9B 3P4
              </POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(519) 253-3000</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <WWW>www.uwindsor.ca/intelligent-manufacturing-systems</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1994"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ATTACHED-TO> Faculty of Engineering, Univ. of Windsor</ATTACHED-TO>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">research in the multidisciplinary field of
            manufacturing systems and related topics from products design to manufacturing and the
            complete product lifecycle; smart and adaptable manufacturing systems paradigms and the
            fourth industrial revolution</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Prof. Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Hoda A.</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME> el-Maraghy</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Prof. Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Waguih H.</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME> el-Maraghy</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.202006221753.0001" INDEX="Y" UPDATED="22.06.2020" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Network Management and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory (NMAI)</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Babak Esfandiari, Assoc. Prof.,
              <EMAIL>babak.esfandiari@sce.carleton.ca </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>c/o Prof. Babak Esfandiari, Dept of Systems and Computer Engineering,
              Carleton Univ., 1125 Colonel By Drive, <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> K1S
                5B6</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(613) 520-2600</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <WWW>www.carleton.ca/nmai</WWW>
          <ATTACHED-TO>Carleton Univ.</ATTACHED-TO>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">research in the areas of agent-based systems incl.
            the use of the belief-desire-intention framework for autonomous vehicles; software agent
            imitation project; peer-to-peer file-sharing systems; applications of artificial
            intelligence techniques to network systems management; web services, operating systems
            discovery, telecommunication networks and system service management </GEN-INFO>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.202105031727.0001" INDEX="Y" UPDATED="03.05.2021" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Observatoire International sur les Impacts Soci&amp;eacute;taux de l&amp;rsquo;IA
            et du Num&amp;eacute;rique (OBVIA) </TITLE>
          <TRANS INDEX="1">International Observatory on the Societal Impacts of AI and Digital
            Technology</TRANS>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Brigitte Martin, Head of Int. Profile and Int. Partnership Devt,
              <EMAIL>brigitte.martin@bi.ulaval.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>Pavillon Charles-De Koninck, Local 2489, 1030, Ave des
              Sciences-Humaines, Univ. Laval, <CITY>Qu&amp;eacute;bec</CITY>, QC <POSTCODE>G1V
                0A6</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER/>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>observatoireia@ulaval.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.observatoire-ia.ulaval.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="2018"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ATTACHED-TO> Univ. Laval</ATTACHED-TO>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">research themes incl. arts, media and cultural
            diversity; industry 4.0, work and employment; environment, smart cities, territory and
            mobility; int. relations, humanitarian action and human rights; ethics, governance and
            democracy; cyber justice and cyber security; education and empowerment; sustainable
            health; Coronavirus disease (COVID-19)</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Gen Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Lyse</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Langlois</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.2.6.5" TOWN="" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000127"
        PREVUPDATES="08.07.2004, 18.5.2009, 03.04.2018" UPDATED="15.06.2021" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>University of Toronto Institute for Aerospace Studies</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Rosanna McGregor, <EMAIL>rosmcg@utias.utoronto.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>4925 Dufferin St, <CITY>Toronto</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>M3H
                5T6</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(416) 667-7700</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <WWW>www.utias.utoronto.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1950"/> as Institute of Aerophysics, current name adopted
              1963</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">laboratories for aerodynamics, fluid dynamics,
            propulsion; aircraft flight; structures, design and optimization; engineering physics;
            space systems engineering</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="80000"/> vols</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Prof.</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Chris J.</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME> Damaren</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
    </SUB-LS-RI>
  </RI-GRP>
  <LA-GRP ID="CA.3">
    <TITLE>Libraries and Archives</TITLE>
    <REGION ID="CA.3.1" STATUS="STATE">
      <TITLE>Alberta</TITLE>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.1.1" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000129" PREVUPDATES="08.07.2004"
        UPDATED="12.04.2018" RETURNED="08.06.2007" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Calgary Public Library</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N"> Mary Kapusta, Dir for Communications,
              <EMAIL>mary.kapusta@calgarylibrary.ca </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>6th Fl., 616 Macleod Trail SE, <CITY>Calgary</CITY>, AB <POSTCODE> T2G
                2M2</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(403) 260-2600</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <WWW>www.calgarylibrary.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1912"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">spec. section on petroleum</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT>2.3m. vols</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Bill</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Ptacek</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.1.2" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000130"
        PREVUPDATES="17.08.2001; 08.07.2004, 24.03.2008" UPDATED="12.04.2018"
        PREVRETURNS="15/08/00; 03.05.2005, 24.05.2006, 09.01.2013" RETURNED="26.01.2016" DP="NO"
        SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>City of Edmonton Archives</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>10440, 108th Ave, <CITY>Edmonton</CITY>, AB <POSTCODE>T5H
                3Z9</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(780) 496-8711</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>cms.archives@edmonton.ca</EMAIL>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1967"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">incl. photographs dating back to 1880, 700 maps of
            Edmonton since 1882, artwork by 49 Edmonton artists, colln of newspaper clippings, files
            from 1920</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="10000"/> vols, 700 spec. archives</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">City Archivist</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Kathryn</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Ivany</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.1.3" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000131" PREVUPDATES="08.02.2018"
        UPDATED="12.04.2018" PREVRETURNS="29.06.2004" RETURNED="11.03.2021" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Edmonton Public Library</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Heather McIntyre, Marketing Communications Specialist, <EMAIL>
              hmcintyre@epl.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>MNP Tower, 7th Fl., 10235 101 St NW, <CITY>Edmonton</CITY>, AB
                <POSTCODE>T5J 3G1</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(780) 496-7000</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>lcook@epl.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.epl.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1913"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT>1.3m. vols in physical collns, 12.7m. vols in digital collns</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Pilar</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Martinez</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.1.4" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000132" PREVUPDATES="08.07.2004"
        UPDATED="12.04.2018" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Glenbow Library and Archives</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Doug Cass, Archives and Archival Photographs,
              <EMAIL>archives@glenbow.org </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>130 Ninth Ave SE, <CITY>Calgary</CITY>, AB <POSTCODE>T2G
                0P3</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(403) 268-4204</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>library@glenbow.org</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.glenbow.org</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1955"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="100000"/> vols, 5,000 maps, 6,000 trade catalogues</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Sr Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Lindsay</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Moir</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.1.5" TOWN="Edmonton" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000133"
        PREVUPDATES="17.08.2001, 25.03.2008" UPDATED="12.04.2018"
        PREVRETURNS="24.05.2006; 01.06.2004;23.04.2007, 05.02.2010,10.01.2011, 09.01.2012, 08.01.2013, 07.01.2014, 27.01.2016"
        RETURNED="09.01.2017" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Legislature Library</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Valerie Footz, Legislature Librarian, <EMAIL>
              val.footz@assembly.ab.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>216 Legislature Bldg, 10800&amp;ndash;97th Ave, <CITY>Edmonton
              </CITY>, AB <POSTCODE>T5K 2B6</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(780) 427-2473</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>library.requests@assembly.ab.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.assembly.ab.ca/lao/library</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1906"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="425000"/> vols</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Legislature Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Valerie</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Footz</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.1.6" TOWN="Lacombe" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000134" PREVUPDATES="08.07.2004"
        UPDATED="12.04.2018" RETURNED="26.04.2010" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Parkland Regional Library</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>5404&amp;ndash;56 Ave, <CITY>Lacombe</CITY>, AB <POSTCODE>T4L
                1G1</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(403) 782-3433</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>rsheppard@prl.ab.ca </EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.prl.ab.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1959"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Ronald</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Sheppard</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.1.7" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000135" PREVUPDATES="26.12.2008, 02.04.2009"
        UPDATED="12.04.2018" PREVRETURNS="24.05.2006; 24.08.2004; 13.06.2005" RETURNED="05.04.2007"
        DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Provincial Archives of Alberta</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Jonathan Davidson, Reference Archivist</CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>8555 Roper Rd NW, <CITY>Edmonton</CITY>, AB <POSTCODE>T6E
                5W1</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(780) 427-1750</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>paa@gov.ab.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.provincialarchives.alberta.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1906"/> as the Provincial Library, present name and
              status 1966</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">permanent archival repository of the Govt of
            Alberta</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="14830"/> vols, 1.8m. photographs, 71,840 audiovisual items,
              154,330 maps, plans and drawings, 53,700 m of govt records, 4,540 m of private
              records</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Team Lead for Govt Records</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Glynys</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Hohmann</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Team Lead for Private Records</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Tom</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Anderson</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.1.8" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000136"
        PREVUPDATES="08.07.2004, 07.09.2017, 12.04.2018, 20.08.2019, 09.06.2020, 10.06.2021"
        UPDATED="12.07.2022" RETURNED="08.03.2016" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>University of Alberta Libraries</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Dale Askey, Vice-Provost and Chief Librarian,
              <EMAIL>dale.askey@ualberta.ca </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>Cameron Library, 11231 Saskatchewan Dr., Univ. of Alberta, <CITY>
                Edmonton</CITY>, AB <POSTCODE>T6G 2J8</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(780) 492-8440</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>sciref@ualberta.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.library.ualberta.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1909"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">incl. Augustana Campus Library;
            Biblioth&amp;egrave;que Saint-Jean (200,000 documents); Bruce Peel Spec. colln of
            100,000 rare books, 4 ancient Mesopotamian cuneiform tablets; J. A. Weir Law Library;
            Rutherford Library; St Joseph&amp;rsquo;s Library of 25,000 books; Winspear Business
            Library; 9,000 linear m of records at Univ. of Alberta Archives </GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT>8.2m. vols incl. 212,000 ejournals, 2m. ebooks, 700 online databases, 67,000
              newspapers, 20,000 photographs and maps</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Provost for Learning Services and Chief Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Dale</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Askey</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.1.9" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000137"
        PREVUPDATES="17/08/01, 29.05.2002, 12.04.2018, 09.06.2020" UPDATED="09.06.2021"
        PREVRETURNS="08.06.2004" RETURNED="11.06.2007" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>University of Calgary Libraries</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Sandra D. Telfer, <EMAIL>telfer@ucalgary.ca </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>2500 University Dr. NW, <CITY>Calgary</CITY>, AB <POSTCODE> T2N
                1N4</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(403) 220-8895</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>libinfo@ucalgary.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>library.ucalgary.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1966"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">incl. Bennett Jones Law Library, Business Library,
            Doucette Library, Gallagher Library, Health Sciences Library, Military Museums Library;
            spec. collns incl. Canadian historical archives, Canadian literary and art archives,
            int. archival holdings, recreational mathematics archives, political papers, Richard
            Johnston Canadian music archives colln; 5 linear kms of archival records </GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT>7.8m. vols</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Provost and Univ. Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Mary-Jo</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Romaniuk</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
    </REGION>
    <REGION ID="CA.3.2" STATUS="STATE">
      <TITLE>British Columbia</TITLE>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.2.1" TOWN="Victoria" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000138"
        PREVUPDATES="22/08/00, 08.07.2004, 12.04.2018" UPDATED="15.06.2021"
        PREVRETURNS="17/08/01, 29.05.2002" RETURNED="05.01.2023" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>British Columbia Archives</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Emma Wright, Dir of Archives, <EMAIL>e.wright@royalbcmuseum.bc.ca
            </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>675 Belleville St, <CITY>Victoria</CITY>, BC <POSTCODE> V8W
                9W2</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(250) 387-1952</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>access@royalbcmuseum.bc.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.royalbcmuseum.bc.ca/archives/about-us/about-bc-archives</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1893"/>, present status 2003</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ATTACHED-TO>Royal British Columbia Museum</ATTACHED-TO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="72300"/> vols, 11,000 microfilm reels of newspapers; also 90,000
              boxes of govt textual records; 20,000 boxes of non-govt textual records; 12,600 video
              cassettes; 27,000 recordings; 5.5m. photographs; 10,900 paintings, drawings and
              prints; 180,000 maps, atlases and architectural drawings; court records</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir of Archives</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Emma</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Wright</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.2.2" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000139" PREVUPDATES="08.07.2004"
        UPDATED="12.04.2018" RETURNED="27.5.2010" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Fraser Valley Regional Library</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Mary Kierans <EMAIL>mary.kierans@fvrl.bc.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>Admin. Centre, 34589 Delair Rd, <CITY>Abbotsford</CITY>, BC
                <POSTCODE>V2S 5Y1</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(604) 859-7141</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <WWW>www.fvrl.bc.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1930"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="900000"/> vols, 10,000 talking books</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Scott</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Hargrove</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.2.4" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000140" PREVUPDATES="27.03.2014"
        UPDATED="12.04.2018" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Greater Victoria Public Library</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Daphne Wood, Dir for Communications and Devt, <EMAIL>dwood@gvpl.ca
            </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>735 Broughton St, <CITY>Victoria</CITY>, BC <POSTCODE>V8W
                3H2</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(250) 940-4875</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <WWW>www.gvpl.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1864"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT>1m. vols</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Maureen</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Sawa</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.2.10" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000147"
        PREVUPDATES="08.07.2004, 30.12.2008, 12.04.2018" UPDATED="12.08.2022" PREVRETURNS="15/08/00"
        DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>H. R. Macmillan Library</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Daniel Baek, Library Co-ordinator and Head of Technical
              Services<EMAIL> dbaek@vst.edu</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>Univ. of British Columbia, 6015 Walter Gage Rd, <CITY>Vancouver
              </CITY>, BC <POSTCODE>V6T 1Z1</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(604) 822-9382</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>gmcleod@vst.edu</EMAIL>
          <WWW>vst.edu/library/library-about/overview/about-the-library</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1971"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ATTACHED-TO> Vancouver School of Theology</ATTACHED-TO>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">spec. collns incl. Thomas Merton colln of books,
            journals, media and theses; rare books colln of bibles and prayer books since the 15th
            century </GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="33000"/> vols incl. books, journals, DVDs, 350 ejournals
            </LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Library Co-ordinator</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Daniel</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Baek</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.2.5" TOWN="" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000141"
        PREVUPDATES="08.07.2004; 27.08.2004, 03.05.2008" UPDATED="12.04.2018"
        PREVRETURNS="24.05.2006; 27.08.2004; 04.05.2005;08.06.2007, 21.04.2010, 23.01.2013, 21.01.2014, 28.01.2015, 11.04.2016"
        RETURNED="23.01.2019" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Legislative Library of British Columbia</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Cynthia A. Tanner, Acquisitions Librarian
              <EMAIL>cindy.tanner@leg.bc.ca </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>Parliament Bldgs, <CITY>Victoria</CITY>, BC <POSTCODE>V8V
                1X4</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(250) 387-6510</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>llbc.ref@leg.bc.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.leg.bc.ca/learn-about-us/legislative-library</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1863"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">colln of BC and fed. govt documents; materials on
            Canadian history, parliamentary procedure, public admin. and political
            science</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="200000"/> vols</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Peter</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Gourlay</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="ED3.111099.207" TOWN="Burnaby" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000142"
        PREVUPDATES="29.05.2002; 08.07.2004, 13.05.2008" UPDATED="12.04.2018" RETURNED="17.03.2010"
        DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Public Library InterLINK</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Allie Douglas, Office Man.,
              <EMAIL>allie.douglas@interlinklibraries.ca </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>158&amp;ndash;5489 Byrne Rd, <CITY>Burnaby</CITY>, BC <POSTCODE> V5J
                3J1</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(604) 437-8441</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@interlinklibraries.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.interlinklibraries.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1994"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">federation of 18 mem libraries: Bowen Island
            Public Library, Burnaby Public Library, Coquitlam, Fraser Valley Regional Library,
            Gibsons and District Public Library, Lillooet and Area Library, New Westminster Public
            Library, North Vancouver City Library, North Vancouver District Library, Pemberton and
            District Library, Port Moody Public Library, Richmond Public Library, Sechelt Public
            Library, Squamish Public Library, Surrey Public Library, Vancouver Public Library, West
            Vancouver Memorial Library, Whistler Public Library; 18,000 audiobooks for the visually
            impaired</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Exec. Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Michael</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Burris</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.2.6" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000143" PREVUPDATES="07/08/00, 08.07.2004"
        UPDATED="12.04.2018"
        PREVRETURNS="31.05.2010,14.03.2011, 18.04.2012, 08.01.2013, 13.01.2015, 27.01.2016, 20.01.2017"
        RETURNED="16.01.2018" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Simon Fraser University Library</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">W. A. C. Bennett Library</SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Janice Banser, Systems Librarian
            <EMAIL>libhelp@sfu.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>8888 University Dr., <CITY>Burnaby</CITY>, BC <POSTCODE> V5A
                1S6</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(778) 782-4658</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>libhelp@sfu.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.lib.sfu.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1965"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">spec. collns incl. 20th century avant-garde
            literature, William Wordsworth colln, works by and about William Morris, colln of BC,
            editorial cartoons</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT>1.4m. vols, 1.1m ebooks, 2,500 print and 98,000 ejournal subscriptions, 500
              databases</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Univ. Librarian and Dean for Libraries</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Gwen</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Bird</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.2.7" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000144"
        PREVUPDATES="08.07.2004, 06.09.2017, 12.04.2018" UPDATED="09.06.2021" RETURNED="17.06.2008"
        DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>University of British Columbia Library</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Becky Potvin, Dir for Communications and Marketing, <EMAIL>
              becky.potvin@ubc.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>1961 East Mall, <CITY>Vancouver</CITY>, BC <POSTCODE>V6T
                1Z1</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(604) 822-6375</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>library.communications@ubc.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.library.ubc.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1915"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">spec. collns incl. Chung, Norman Colbeck, Uno
            Langmann collns; also divs in Okagan campus</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT>8.3m. vols, 2.8m. ebooks, 440,000 journals, 5.3m. microforms</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Univ. Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Susan E.</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Parker</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.2.8" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000145"
        PREVUPDATES="29.05.2002;17/08/01, 08.07.2004" UPDATED="12.04.2018" RETURNED="08.01.2013"
        DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Vancouver Island Regional Library</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Heather Mink Zuvich, Exec. Asst, <EMAIL>hminkzuvich@virl.bc.ca
            </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>POB 3333, <CITY>Nanaimo</CITY>, BC <POSTCODE>V9R
              5N3</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>6250 Hammond Bay Rd, <CITY>Nanaimo</CITY>, BC <POSTCODE> V9T
                6M9</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(250) 758-4697</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@virl.bc.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.virl.bc.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1936"/> as Vancouver Island Union Library</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT>1m. vols incl. books, magazines, CDs, DVDs</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Exec. Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Rosemary</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Bonnano</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.2.9" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000146"
        PREVUPDATES="08.07.2004, 07.02.2008, 12.04.2018, 08.05.2018" UPDATED="15.06.2021"
        PREVRETURNS="05.05.2005, 27.04.2010, 31.05.2011, 08.01.2013" RETURNED="14.04.2014" DP="NO"
        SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Vancouver Public Library (VPL)</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Guy Cribdon, Asst Manager
            <EMAIL>guy.cribdon@vpl.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>350 West Georgia St, <CITY>Vancouver</CITY>, BC <POSTCODE> V6B
                6B1</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(604) 331-3603</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@vpl.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.vpl.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1869"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">local history colln, census records and BC civil
            registrations, indigenous colln, historical newspapers, current and historical statutes
            and regulations</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT>2.65m. vols, 250,000 historical photographs, 1,000 magazines and
              journals</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chief Librarian and CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Christina</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>de Castell</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
    </REGION>
    <REGION ID="CA.3.3" STATUS="STATE">
      <TITLE>Manitoba</TITLE>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.3.4" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000151"
        PREVUPDATES="22/08/00; 17/08/01, 05.06.2003" UPDATED="11.04.2018"
        PREVRETURNS="20.04.2004, 31.05.2005" RETURNED="22.01.2017" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Archives of Manitoba</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>130&amp;ndash;200 Vaughan St, <CITY>Winnipeg</CITY>, MB <POSTCODE> R3C
                1T5</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(204) 945-3971</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>archives@gov.mb.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.gov.mb.ca/chc/archives</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1884"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">spec. collns: Red River Settlement and Red River
            Disturbance, Lt-Governors&amp;rsquo; papers, Winnipeg General Strike, Canadian Airways
            Ltd, archives of the Ecclesiastical Province of Rupert&amp;rsquo;s Land, records of
            local govts and school divs, Archives of Manitoba legal and judicial history</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT>5,500 linear ft private MSS, 65,000 linear ft Manitoba govt and court
              records, 8,000 linear ft Hudson&amp;rsquo;s Bay Co Archives records, 130,000
              architectural drawings, 1.2m. photographs, 32,000 maps, 300 paintings, 5,500 prints
              and drawings, 7,000 sound records</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Archivist of Manitoba</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Gordon</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Dodds</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.3.3" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000150"
        PREVUPDATES="29.05.2002;17/08/01, 08.07.2004, 11.04.2018" UPDATED="08.12.2021"
        PREVRETURNS="05.04.2007; 10.07.2006, 18.06.2008" RETURNED="21.03.2011" DP="NO"
        SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Legislative Library of Manitoba</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Louise Ayotte-Zaretski, Head, Reference Services
              <EMAIL>Louise.Ayotte@gov.mb.ca </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>200 Vaughan St, Room 100, <CITY>Winnipeg</CITY>, MB <POSTCODE> R3C
                1T5</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(204) 945-4330</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>legislative_library@gov.mb.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.gov.mb.ca/chc/leg-lib</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1870"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT>350 rare books, 7,440 documents</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="VACANT">Legislative Librarian</JOB>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.3.2" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000149" PREVUPDATES="08.07.2004, 25.03.2008"
        UPDATED="11.04.2018" RETURNED="10.03.2014" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Manitoba Law Libraries&amp;mdash;Great Library</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>331&amp;ndash;408 York Ave, Room 331, <CITY>Winnipeg</CITY>, MB
                <POSTCODE>R3C 0P9</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(204) 945-1959</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <WWW>www.lawsociety.mb.ca/news/aggregator/manitoba-law-libraries</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1877"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ATTACHED-TO> Law Soc. of Manitoba</ATTACHED-TO>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">holdings of current and historical statutes and
            regulations for Manitoba and Canada, legislative materials from other provinces and
            territories </GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="50000"/> vols</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir for Legal Resources</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Karen</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Sawatzky</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.3.1" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000148" PREVUPDATES="17/08/01" UPDATED="11.04.2018"
        PREVRETURNS="11.05.2004, 15.04.2010" RETURNED="18.02.2011" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Manitoba Sport, Culture and Heritage&amp;mdash;Public Library Services </TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Lana Jennings, Admin. Sec. <EMAIL>lana.jennings@gov.mb.ca
            </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>300&amp;ndash;1011 Rosser Ave, <CITY>Brandon</CITY>, MB <POSTCODE> R7A
                0L5</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(204) 726-6590</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>pls@gov.mb.ca</EMAIL>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1972"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT>3.2m. vols, 10,000 ebooks</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="VACANT">Dir</JOB>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.3.5" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000152"
        PREVUPDATES="07/08/00, 29.05.2002, 11.04.2018" UPDATED="09.03.2020"
        PREVRETURNS="17/08/01; 07.05.2004" RETURNED="16.05.2005" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>University of Manitoba Libraries</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Carolynne Presser, Dir
            <EMAIL>presser@umanitoba.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>Elizabeth Dafoe Library, Univ. of Manitoba, Room 156, <CITY>
                Winnipeg</CITY>, MB <POSTCODE>R3T 2N2</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(204) 474-9881</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>libsupp@umanitoba.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.umanitoba.ca/libraries</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1877"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">archives and spec. collns of 30,000 vols incl.
            rare books and MSS; 27,000 vols in Icelandic colln</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT>2.9m. vols, 75,000 print and ejournals, 1.1m. ebooks and digital materials,
              9m. eresources</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Provost and Univ. Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME> Lisa</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>O&amp;rsquo;Hara</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Univ. Archivist</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Shelley</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Sweeney </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
    </REGION>
    <REGION ID="CA.3.4" STATUS="STATE">
      <TITLE>New Brunswick</TITLE>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.4.2" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000154"
        PREVUPDATES="09.07.2004, 29.05.2002, 18.5.2009" UPDATED="11.04.2018"
        PREVRETURNS="17/08/01, 16.04.2012, 25.03.2013, 03.02.2014" RETURNED="24.03.2016" DP="NO"
        SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Biblioth&amp;egrave;que Champlain</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Nathalie Parent, Librarian <EMAIL>nathalie.parent@umoncton.ca
            </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>Campus de Moncton Pavillon L&amp;eacute;opold-Taillon, 18 Ave
              Antonine-Maillet, <CITY>Moncton</CITY>, NB <POSTCODE>E1A
              3E9</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(506) 858-4012</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>bichamp@umoncton.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.umoncton.ca/umcm-bibliotheque-champlain</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1965"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ATTACHED-TO> Universit&amp;eacute; de Moncton</ATTACHED-TO>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">attached libraries: Biblioth&amp;egrave;que
            Rh&amp;eacute;a-Larose (75,000 vols), Centre de Documentation et
            d&amp;rsquo;&amp;Eacute;tudes Madawaskayennes, Biblioth&amp;egrave;que de Droit
            Michel-Bastarache (150,000 vols), Centre d'&amp;Eacute;tudes Acadiennes, Centre de
            Ressources P&amp;eacute;dagogiques (45,000 documents), Biblioth&amp;egrave;que du Campus
            de Shippagan (40,000 vols, 6,000 official govt publs; 242 works of Inuit art</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT>633,000 vols, 75,000 print and ejournals, 195,000 audiovisual items, 125
              databases, 1,500 enewspapers, 30,000 maps</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chief Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Marthe</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Brideau</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.4.4" TOWN="" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000156" PREVUPDATES="07/08/00, 15.05.2003"
        UPDATED="11.04.2018" RETURNED="17/08/01" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Legislative Library of New Brunswick</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Tom Stillwell, Library Asst, Reference Services and Circulation,
              <EMAIL> tom.stillwell@gnb.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>POB 6000, <CITY>Fredericton</CITY>, NB <POSTCODE>E3B 5H1
              </POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="LOCATION" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>Legislative Bldg, Centre Block, 706 Queen St, <CITY>Fredericton
              </CITY>, NB <POSTCODE>E3B 1C5</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(506) 453-2338</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>library.biblio-info@gnb.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www1.gnb.ca/leglibbib/en/home.aspx/index</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1841"/>, present status 1976</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">spec. colln incl. 10,000 items in NB colln incl.
            books, pamphlets, and documents</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="40000"/> vols, 200,000 govt publs</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Legislative Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Kenda </FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Clark-Gorey</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.4.1" TOWN="Sackville" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000153"
        PREVUPDATES="09.07.2004, 25.02.2008, 12.09.2017, 11.04.2018" UPDATED="20.01.2022"
        PREVRETURNS="13.06.2006; 17/08/01; 15/08/00; 29.05.2002;08.06.2007, 17.03.2010, 22.02.2011, 13.04.2018"
        RETURNED="15.01.2019" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Mount Allison University Libraries and Archives</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Elizabeth Millar, Public Services Librarian </CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>Mount Allison Univ., 49 York St, <CITY>Sackville</CITY>, NB
                <POSTCODE>E4L 1C6</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(506) 364-2562</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>infodesk@mta.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>libraryguides.mta.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1840"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">incl. R. P. Bell Library and Music library; also
            W. P. Bell Colln of Acadiana, Dorothy and Edgar Davidson colln of Canadiana incl. rare
            imprints from 17th and 18th centuries, Mary Mellish Archibald Memorial Library of
            Folklore </GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="500000"/> vols, 515,000 microforms, 282,000 documents
            </LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="ACTING">Univ. Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Laura</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Landon</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.202011201720.0001" INDEX="Y" UPDATED="20.11.2020" RETURNED="06.01.2022"
        DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>New Brunswick Public Library Service (NBPLS)</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS> 570 Two Nations Crossing, Suite 2, <CITY>Fredericton</CITY> , NB
                <POSTCODE>E3A 0X9</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(506) 453-2354</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>NBPLS-SBPNB@gnb.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www2.gnb.ca/content/gnb/en/departments/nbpl.html</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1954"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">libraries and offices in Albert-Westmorland-Kent,
            Chaleur, Fundy, Haut-Saint-Jean, York regions</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT>1.7m. vols, 2,620 periodicals, 13,460 microforms, 13,500 audiobooks, 94,160
              video cassettes, 66,390 audio cassettes</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="ACTING">Exec. Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Ella</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Nason</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.4.5" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000157" PREVUPDATES="05.06.2003"
        UPDATED="11.04.2018"
        PREVRETURNS="26.5.2010,08.04.2011, 09.01.2012, 08.01.2013, 13.05.2014, 14.01.2015, 15.01.2016, 05.01.2017, 16.02.2018, 30.01.2019, 10.02.2020, 11.01.2021"
        RETURNED="14.01.2022" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Provincial Archives of New Brunswick</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N"> Heather Lyons, Man.<EMAIL>heather.lyons@gnb.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>Richard Bennett Hatfield Archives Complex, UNB Campus, Bonar
              Law-Bennett Bldg, 23 Dineen Dr., POB 6000, <CITY>Fredericton</CITY>, NB <POSTCODE> E3B
                5H1</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(506) 453-2122</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>ArchivesNB@gnb.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.archives.gnb.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1967"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT>21,000 linear m of textual records; 420,000 maps, plans, and architectural
              items; 531,000 photos; 16,520 sound items; 13,340 film items; 14,090 video
              items</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Provincial Archivist</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Fred</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Farrell</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.4.3" TOWN="" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000155"
        PREVUPDATES="26.03.2008, 07/08/00; 09.07.2004, 18.5.2009" UPDATED="11.04.2018"
        PREVRETURNS="08.04.2015, 08.03.2016" RETURNED="17.02.2017" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>University of New Brunswick Libraries</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Teri Noel, Man., <EMAIL>tnoel@unb.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>Harriet Irving Library, Univ. of New Brunswick, 5 MacAulay Lane, POB
              7500, <CITY>Fredericton</CITY>, NB <POSTCODE>E3B 5H5</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(506) 453-4740</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>askus@unb.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.lib.unb.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1790"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">consists of Engineering and Computer Science
            Library, Gerard V. La Forest Law Library, Harriet Irving Library, Science and Forestry
            Library; Hans W. Klohn Commons</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT>1.1m. vols, 1,530 journals, 3.1m. (equivalent vols) microforms; spec. collns
              incl. 48,000 books and periodicals, 6,066 ft of institutional records and private
              papers of the Univ.</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dean for Libraries</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Lesley</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Beckett Balcom</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
    </REGION>
    <REGION ID="CA.3.5" STATUS="STATE">
      <TITLE>Newfoundland and Labrador</TITLE>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.5.2" TOWN="St John&amp;rsquo;s" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000159"
        PREVUPDATES="07/08/00, 02.05.2008" UPDATED="16.04.2018" PREVRETURNS="26.05.2004;01.07.2005"
        RETURNED="27.04.2010" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Newfoundland and Labrador Public Libraries</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Shawn Tetford
            <EMAIL>shawntetford@nlpubliclibraries.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>48 St George&amp;rsquo;s Ave, <CITY>Stephenville</CITY>, NL <POSTCODE>
                A2N 1K9</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(709) 643-0900</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <WWW>www.nlpl.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1934"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">consists of Central Div. (33 libraries),
            Provincial Resource Div., E Div. (29 libraries), St John's Public Libraries (3
            libraries), W Newfoundland and Labrador Div. (29 libraries)</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT>1.3m. vols</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Exec. Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Andrew</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Hunt</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.5.3" TOWN="St John&amp;rsquo;s" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000160"
        UPDATED="16.04.2018" PREVRETURNS="26.05.2004, 22.03.2019, 25.02.2020" RETURNED="06.01.2022"
        DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Provincial Resource Library</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Susan Prior, Man., <EMAIL>sprior@nlpl.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>Arts and Culture Centre, <CITY>St John&amp;rsquo;s</CITY>, NL
                <POSTCODE> A1B 3A3</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(709) 737-3950</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>genealogy@nlpl.ca</EMAIL>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1934"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="181610"/> vols (incl. Newfoundland colln)</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Man.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Susan</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Prior</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.5.4" TOWN="St John&amp;rsquo;s" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000161"
        PREVUPDATES="01.08.2001, 09.07.2004, 14.05.2015, 16.04.2018, 20.01.2022"
        UPDATED="25.01.2022" RETURNED="19.04.2011" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Queen Elizabeth II Library</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Louise White, Assoc. Univ. Librarian, <EMAIL>louisew@mun.ca
            </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>Memorial Univ. of Newfoundland, <CITY>St John&amp;rsquo;s</CITY>, NL
                <POSTCODE>A1B 3Y1</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(709) 737-7423</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <WWW>www.library.mun.ca/qeii/aboutus</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1925"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ATTACHED-TO> Memorial Univ. of Newfoundland</ATTACHED-TO>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">rare book collns in folklore, pre-Raphaelite
            literature and the Victorian illustrated book, ecclesiastical and theological
            literature; specialized research collns in folklore, Irish studies, maritime history;
            Canadian federal govt publs</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT>1.9m. vols, 916,990 ebooks, 82,070 ejournals</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dean for Libraries</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Dianne </FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Keeping </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.5.1" TOWN="St John's, NL" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000158"
        PREVUPDATES="05.06.2003, 17/08/01; 07/08/00; 18.5.2009" UPDATED="16.04.2018"
        PREVRETURNS="10.05.2007; 27.07.2006; 29.05.2002;17.06.2008, 21.01.2010"
        RETURNED="26.02.2019" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>The Rooms Provincial Archives Division</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Chrysta Collins, Communications Officer <EMAIL>
              chrystacollins@therooms.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>9 Bonaventure Ave, POB 1800, Station C, <CITY>St John&amp;rsquo;s
              </CITY>, NL <POSTCODE>A1C 5P9</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(709) 757-8030</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>archives@therooms.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.therooms.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="2005"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">govt archives; MSS colln incl. business records,
            mercantile records related to the Newfoundland fishery; cartographic and architectural
            colln incl. 50,000 maps, plans, prints, drawings, sketches and charts; sports archives
            incl. 5,000 photographs, clippings and organizational records since 1820</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT>1,300 individual wartime biographies; 400,000 photographic items incl. 14,000
              glass plate negatives</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Dean</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Brinton</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
    </REGION>
    <REGION ID="CA.3.6" STATUS="STATE">
      <TITLE>Nova Scotia</TITLE>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.6.1" TOWN="" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000162"
        PREVUPDATES="13.04.2018, 10.07.2020" UPDATED="06.09.2022"
        PREVRETURNS="15.06.2005, 31.05.2006" RETURNED="11.03.2021" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Angus L. Macdonald Library</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Willissa DeCoste, Admin. Asst,
            <EMAIL>liboffice@stfx.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>St Francis Xavier Univ., 3080 Martha Dr., POB 5000, <CITY>
                Antigonish</CITY>, NS <POSTCODE>B2G 2W5</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(902) 867-2228</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>circdesk@stfx.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.sites.stfx.ca/library</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1856"/>, present name and status 1965</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ATTACHED-TO>St Francis Xavier Univ.</ATTACHED-TO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="762000"/> vols; spec. colln: Celtic history, literature and
              language</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Univ. Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Sandy</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Iverson</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.6.2" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000163" PREVUPDATES="17/08/01, 05.06.2003"
        UPDATED="09.06.2021"
        PREVRETURNS="04.07.2005,10.07.2006, 23.04.2012, 29.05.2014, 27.04.2016, 16.02.2017, 16.04.2018, 13.04.2018"
        RETURNED="29.03.2019" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Dalhousie University Libraries</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Marlo MacKay, Communications Co-ordinator,
              <EMAIL>marlo.mackay@dal.ca </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS><CITY>Halifax</CITY>, NS <POSTCODE>B3H
              4H8</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(902) 494-3601</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <WWW>libraries.dal.ca</WWW>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">spec. collns: 80,000 items incl. books, historical
            prints and maps dating from the 1480&amp;ndash;2016 in Killiam library; 20,000 items
            incl. monographs,serial publs, MSS; archival colln incl. Agricolacolln, Edith Zillig
            Sheep fonds, Atlantic Canada Co-op Archives in MacRae library</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT>1.6m. vols</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Univ. Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Donna</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Bourne-Tyson</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.6.3" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000164" PREVUPDATES="05.06.2003, 12.05.2008"
        UPDATED="13.04.2018" PREVRETURNS="27.02.2019, 22.01.2020, 11.03.2021" RETURNED="11.03.2022"
        DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Halifax Public Libraries</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Dave MacNeil, Man., Collns and Access, <EMAIL>
              macneid@halifax.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>60 Alderney Dr., <CITY>Dartmouth</CITY>, NS <POSTCODE>B2Y
                4P8</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(902) 490-5744</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>asklib@halifax.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.halifaxpubliclibraries.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1996"/> as Halifax Regional Library, current name adopted
              2003</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="690000"/> vols, 39,690 periodicals, 21,620 CDs, 54,070 DVDs,
              121,500 items in digital format</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>&amp;Aring;sa</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Kachan</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.6.4" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000165"
        PREVUPDATES="17/08/01; 22/08/00, 29.05.2002, 13.04.2018" UPDATED="24.01.2023"
        PREVRETURNS="14.04.2010, 16.05.2005; 10.05.2007,13.04.2011, 18.04.2012"
        RETURNED="10.01.2019" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Nova Scotia Archives</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Lois Pyke, Admin Clerk, </CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>6016 University Ave, <CITY>Halifax</CITY>, NS <POSTCODE> B3H
                1W4</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(902) 424-6060</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>archives@novascotia.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>archives.novascotia.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1929"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT>research library of <VOL TOTAL="40000"/> vols, 12,500 m of textual records,
              535,000 photographs, 200,000 maps and plans, 16,000 audio recordings, 9,000 film
              reels</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Provincial Archivist</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Patti</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Bannister</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.6.5" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000166" PREVUPDATES="09.07.2004"
        UPDATED="13.04.2018" RETURNED="12.04.2019" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Nova Scotia Legislative Library</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>2nd Fl., Province House, 1726 Hollis St, <CITY>Halifax</CITY>, NS
                <POSTCODE>B3J 2P8</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(902) 424-5932</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>leglib@novascotia.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.nslegislature.ca/about/library-services</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1862"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">incl. Novascotiana colln of 21,000 vols by Nova
            Scotians or about NS</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="170000"/> vols</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Legislative Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>David</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>McDonald</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.6.6" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000167" PREVUPDATES="26.03.2008"
        UPDATED="13.04.2018" PREVRETURNS="26.04.2005, 13.06.2006, 16.02.2011" RETURNED="25.01.2019"
        DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Vaughan Memorial Library, Acadia University</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Susan Martin, <EMAIL>susan.martin@acadiau.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>50 Acadia St, POB 4, <CITY>Wolfville</CITY>, NS <POSTCODE> B4P
                2R6</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(902) 585-1249</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>ref-desk@acadiau.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.library.acadiau.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1843"/>, present location 1965</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">incl. rare book colln of 500 vols, historic
            textbook colln of 300 textbooks, 200,000 specimens at E. C. Smith Herbarium</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT>1m. vols and govt documents, ejournals</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Univ. Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Daphne</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Flanagan</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
    </REGION>
    <REGION ID="CA.3.6.1.1" STATUS="STATE">
      <TITLE>Nunavut Territory</TITLE>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.28102004.294" TOWN="Iqaluit" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000167A"
        PREVUPDATES="28.10.2004" UPDATED="13.04.2018" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Nunavut Public Library Services</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>POB 270, <CITY>Baker Lake</CITY>, NU <POSTCODE>X0C
              0A0</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(867) 793-3353</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>nuic@gov.nu.ca</EMAIL>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">community libraries in the regions of Kitikmeot,
            Kivalliq, Qikiqtani </GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Man.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Ron</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Knowling</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
        <ATTACHED-GRP ID="TW.NU.1">
          <ATTACHED-GRP-TITLE>Branch Library</ATTACHED-GRP-TITLE>
          <ATTACH-LIST ID="TW.NU.1.1">
            <SECONDARY ID="TW.NU.1.1.1" INDEX="Y" UPDATED="13.04.2018" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
              SLSDOCRF="sref">
              <TIBLOCK>
                <TITLE>Iqaluit Centennial Library</TITLE>
              </TIBLOCK>
              <BLOCK>
                <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
                  <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>POB 189A, <CITY>Iqaluit</CITY>, NU <POSTCODE>X0A
                    0H0</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
                </ADDRESS>
                <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
                  <NUMBER>(867) 975-5595</NUMBER>
                </TEL>
                <EMAIL>iqaluit@publiclibraries.nu.ca</EMAIL>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Head Librarian</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Dan</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Galway</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
              </BLOCK>
            </SECONDARY>
          </ATTACH-LIST>
        </ATTACHED-GRP>
      </SECONDARY>
    </REGION>
    <REGION ID="CA.3.7" STATUS="STATE">
      <TITLE>Ontario</TITLE>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.7.3" TOWN="Ottawa" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000170" PREVUPDATES="09.07.2004"
        UPDATED="13.04.2018" PREVRETURNS="27.06.2006" RETURNED="08.06.2007" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Canadian Agriculture Library</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>1341 Baseline Rd, Tower 6, Fl. 1, <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON
            </VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(613) 759-7068</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>cal-bca-ref@agr.gc.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>science-libraries.canada.ca/eng/agriculture</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1910"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">brs in Saint-Hyacinthe, Qu&amp;eacute;bec; rare
            book colln related to the history of agriculture, food safety research, agriculture
            sciences</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT>1m. vols, 22,200 serials</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Danielle</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Jacques</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.7.5" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000172"
        PREVUPDATES="06.06.2002; 17/08/01, 14.11.2003, 13.04.2018" UPDATED="14.08.2020"
        PREVRETURNS="22.06.2004, 21.06.2005, 07.01.2014, 21.05.2015, 23.03.2016, 24.01.2017, 02.02.2018, 14.01.2019"
        RETURNED="18.02.2019" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Carleton University Library</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">MacOdrum Library</SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Laura Newton Miller, Head of Collns and Assessment <EMAIL>
              laura.newtonmiller@carleton.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>1125 Colonel By Dr., <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> K1S
                5B6</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(613) 520-2735</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>university.librarian@carleton.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.library.carleton.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1942"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT>1.8m. vols, 74,410 ejournals, 1.7m. items (incl. microforms, maps,
              DVDs)</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Univ. Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Amber</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Lannon</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.7.29" TOWN="Toronto" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000196"
        PREVUPDATES="30.12.2008, 22.05.2003;18.5.2009, 10.06.2021" UPDATED="23.06.2022"
        PREVRETURNS="13.06.2006; 15/08/00; 21.04.2004; 17.05.2005;08.06.2007, 21.01.2010, 07.02.2011, 21.02.2012, 24.04.2012, 08.01.2013, 01.05.2014, 13.01.2015, 19.01.2016, 10.01.2017, 01.02.2017"
        RETURNED="25.02.2018" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>E. J. Pratt Library</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Roma Kail, Head of Reader Services <EMAIL>r.kail@utoronto.ca
            </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>71 Queen&amp;rsquo;s Park Crescent E, <CITY>Toronto</CITY>, ON
                <POSTCODE>M5S 1K7</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(416) 585-4470</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>victoria.library@utoronto.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>library.vicu.utoronto.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1836"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ATTACHED-TO> Victoria Univ. in Univ. of Toronto</ATTACHED-TO>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">spec. collns: humanities (general), religions and
            theology; Northrop Frye, S. T. Coleridge, William Blake and his contemporaries, Hogarth
            Press, Tennyson, V. Woolf, Bloomsbury Group, Wesleyana, Norman Jewison Archive, E. J.
            Pratt; George Baxter (books and prints); 19th-century Canadian poetry, French and
            French-Canadian literature (Ri&amp;egrave;se colln); folklore; Senator Keith Davey;
            posters (Paris riots of 1968); contemporary poets; univ. archives </GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="250000"/> vols</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chief Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Lisa J.</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Sherlock</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.7.8" TOWN="Hamilton" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000175"
        PREVUPDATES="09.07.2004, 12.09.2017" UPDATED="13.04.2018" RETURNED="27.07.2006" DP="NO"
        SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Hamilton Public Library</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Paul Takala, Chief Librarian
            <EMAIL>ptakala@hpl.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>55 York Blvd, POB 2700, <CITY>Hamilton</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> L8N
                4E4</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(905) 546-3200</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>askhpl@hpl.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.hpl.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1890"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">spec. colln of local history since 1914; brs in
            Ancaster, Barton, Binbrook, Carlisle, Dundas, Freelton, Greensville, Kenilworth, Locke,
            Lynden, Mount Hope, Red Hill, Saltfleet, Sherwood, Stoney Creek, Terryberry, Turner
            Park, Valley Park, Waterdown, Westdale</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT>1.5m. vols, 1,880 periodicals</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">CEO and Chief Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Paul</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Takala</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.7.26" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000176"
        PREVUPDATES="17/08/01, 22/08/00, 18.5.2009" UPDATED="13.04.2018"
        PREVRETURNS="24.06.2003; 11.05.2004; 22.06.2005, 13.06.2006,03.02.2011, 24.04.2012"
        RETURNED="06.02.2018" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>John W. Graham Library</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">John Papadopoulos, Nicholls Librarian and Dir <EMAIL>
              john.papadopoulos@utoronto.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>6 Hoskin Ave, <CITY>Toronto</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>M5S 1H8
              </POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(416) 978-5851</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>ask.grahamlibrary@utoronto.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.trinity.utoronto.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1851"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ATTACHED-TO> Trinity College, Univ. of Toronto</ATTACHED-TO>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">incl. Anglican Church of Canada Colln, Churchill
            Colln, G8/G20 Colln, SPCK Colln, Strachan Colln, W. Speed Hill Colln (works of Richard
            Hooker), Upjohn-Waldie Colln (works of Eric Gill and other fine printing)</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="215000"/> vols, 400 periodicals, 300 video cassettes </LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Nicholls Librarian and Dir of Graham Library</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>John</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Papadopoulos</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.7.14" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000182"
        PREVUPDATES="26.03.2008, 16.6.2009, 04.09.2014, 26.08.2019" UPDATED="15.06.2021"
        PREVRETURNS="05.06.2003; 20.06.2005;31.07.2006, 01.02.2010, 02.03.2011, 09.03.2016, 28.02.2017, 13.04.2018, 01.07.2019"
        RETURNED="13.03.2018" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Library and Archives Canada</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">Biblioth&amp;egrave;que et Archives Canada</SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Megan Butcher, Reference Librarian</CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>395 Wellington St, <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>K1A
                0N4</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(613) 996-5115</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>bac.reference.lac@canada.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.bac-lac.gc.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="2004"/> by merger of National Library of Canada (f. 1953)
              and National Archives of Canada (f. 1872), incl. Canadian Postal
              Archives</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">depository of all Canadian publs, public records
            and historical material; Canadian postal archive, medals, seals, posters and coats of
            arms, nat., provincial and territorial newspapers, periodicals, MSS, microforms and
            theses, more than 1m. portraits of Canadians</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT>20m. vols, 250 linear km of govt and private textual records, 90,000 films
              and documentaries, 3m. architectural drawings, plans and maps, 30m. photographic
              images, 270,000 hours of audio and visual recordings, 425,000 works of art, Canadian
              sheet music and 550,000 recordings related to music in Canada</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Librarian and Archivist</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Leslie</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Weir</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.7.9" TOWN="Ottawa" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000177"
        PREVUPDATES="09.07.2004, 02.04.2009, 13.04.2018" UPDATED="15.06.2021"
        PREVRETURNS="02.06.2017" RETURNED="12.01.2018" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Library of Parliament</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Karen C&amp;ocirc;t&amp;eacute;, Team Leader
              <EMAIL>lopinfo@parl.gc.ca </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>Parliament of Canada, 111 Wellington St, <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON
                <POSTCODE>K1A 0A9</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(613) 992-4793</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@parl.gc.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>lop.parl.ca/About/Library/VirtualLibrary/library-of-parliament-e.html </WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1867"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="600000"/> vols, 510,000 microforms</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Parliamentary Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Heather</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Lank </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.7.10" TOWN="Toronto" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000178"
        PREVUPDATES="09.07.2004, 25.03.2008" UPDATED="13.04.2018"
        PREVRETURNS="13.06.2006, 20.04.2010" RETURNED="20.03.2019" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Library of the Pontifical Institute of Medieval Studies</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Dr Greti Dinkova-Bruun, Dir, <EMAIL>greti.dinkova.bruun@utoronto.ca
            </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>4th Fl., 113 St Joseph St, <CITY>Toronto</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> M5S
                1J4</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(416) 926-7146</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>pims.library@utoronto.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.pims.ca/#library</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1929"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">spec. collns incl. Gilson colln (1000 items),
            Maritain colln, Guest colln (4,500 books and pamphlets, 12,000 colour slides), Roger
            Reynolds colln (1,000 books, 200 microfilms), 39 medieval MSS, 39 incunables, 1,500 rare
            books</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="150000"/> vols, 20,000 MSS in microform, 60,000 slides, 9,000
              reels of microfilm</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir </JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Greti</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Dinkova-Bruun </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.7.11" TOWN="Ontario" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000179" PREVUPDATES="17/08/01"
        UPDATED="13.04.2018" PREVRETURNS="01.06.2004, 27.4.2010, 16.02.2011" RETURNED="15.02.2013"
        DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>London Public Library</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">David McCord, Collns Management Co-ordinator,
              <EMAIL>david.mccord@lpl.london.on.ca </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>251 Dundas St, <CITY>London</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>N6A 6H9
              </POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(519) 661-4600</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@lpl.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.londonpubliclibrary.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1895"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="934000"/> vols, 172,980 non-book materials</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">CEO and Chief Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Susanna Hubbard</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Krimmer</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.7.12" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000180"
        PREVUPDATES="17.08.2001, 09.07.2004, 13.04.2018, 09.06.2020" UPDATED="10.06.2021" DP="NO"
        SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>McMaster University Libraries</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Janice Adlington, Colln Devt Co-ordinator,
              <EMAIL>adling@mcmaster.ca </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>1280 Main St W, <CITY>Hamilton</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> L8S
                4L8</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(905) 525-9140</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>library@mcmaster.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.mcmaster.ca/library</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1887"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">spec. colln incl. 35,000 pre-1800 books and
            journals at William Ready Div. of Archives and Research Collns; consists of Mills
            Memorial Library (Humanities and Social Sciences), H. G. Thode Library of Science and
            Engineering, Health Sciences Library</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT>1.9m. vols, 86,000 print and ejournals, 14,000 linear ft of archival
              resources</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Univ. Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Vivian</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Lewis</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.7.15" TOWN="Ottawa" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000183" PREVUPDATES="09.07.2004"
        UPDATED="13.04.2018" PREVRETURNS="15/08/00" RETURNED="29.05.2002" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>National Defence Headquarters Library</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>101 Colonel By Dr., <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON<POSTCODE>K1A
                0K2</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(613) 996-0843</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>libraryndhq@forces.gc.ca</EMAIL>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1903"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="30000"/> vols incl. military Canadiana</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>J. Brian</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Grier</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.7.1" TOWN="Ottawa" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000168"
        PREVUPDATES="09.07.2004, 06.01.2009" UPDATED="13.04.2018" RETURNED="13.06.2006" DP="NO"
        SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>National Science Library</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Stephane Levesque (Head, Communications)</CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>Bldg M-55, Montr&amp;eacute;al Rd, <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>
                K1A 0R6</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(613) 993-9101</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info.cisti@nrc-cnrc.gc.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>science-libraries.canada.ca/eng/national-science-library</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1957"/> as Nat. Science Library, present name and status
              1974</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ATTACHED-TO>Nat. Research Ccl Canada </ATTACHED-TO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="700000"/> vols, 54,000 serials, 2m. technical reports on
              microfiche</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="VACANT">Dir-Gen.</JOB>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.7.2" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000169" PREVUPDATES="09.07.2004"
        UPDATED="13.04.2018" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Natural Resources Canada Library</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>580 Booth St, Room 350, <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> K1A
                0E8</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(613) 996-3919</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>nrcanlibrary.nrcan.gc.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>science-libraries.canada.ca/eng/natural-resources</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1958"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">brs in Calgary, Fredericton, Hamilton,
            Qu&amp;eacute;bec, Sault Ste. Marie, Vancouver</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="65000"/> vols and bound periodicals, 3,000 reports</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Man.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Deirdre</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Moore</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.7.18" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000186"
        PREVUPDATES="17/08/01; 07/08/00; 29.05.2002; 05.06.2003, 24.04.2008" UPDATED="13.04.2018"
        PREVRETURNS="08.05.2020" RETURNED="14.01.2021" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Ontario Legislative Library</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Julie Anderson<EMAIL>web@ola.org</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>3rd Fl., North Wing, Legislative Bldg, 111 Wellesley St W,
                <CITY>Toronto</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>M7A 1A2</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(416) 325-3900</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <WWW>ola.org</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1816"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="30000"/> vols</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="VACANT">Exec. Dir</JOB>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Legislative Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Vicki</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Whitmell</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.7.19" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000187" PREVUPDATES="09.07.2004"
        UPDATED="16.04.2018" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Ottawa City Archives</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>c/o City of Ottawa, 110 Laurier Ave W, <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON
                <POSTCODE>K1P 1J1</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(613) 580-2857</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>archives@ottawa.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>ottawa.ca/en/residents/arts-heritage-and-culture/city-ottawa-archives </WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1976"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">incl. James K. Bartleman Centre, Gloucester
            Archives, Rideau Archives; civic records of Ottawa and 12 fmr municipalities, community
            records</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="16000"/> vols, 3m. photographs</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">City Archivist</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Paul</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Henry</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.7.20" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000188" PREVUPDATES="09.07.2004, 01.10.2004"
        UPDATED="16.04.2018" PREVRETURNS="01.10.2004; 10.07.2006" RETURNED="26.04.2010" DP="NO"
        SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Ottawa Public Library</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">Biblioth&amp;egrave;que Publique d&amp;rsquo;Ottawa</SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Monique E. D&amp;eacute;sormeaux, Division Manager, Planning
            &amp;amp; Governance, <EMAIL>monique.desormeaux@ottawa.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>120 Metcalfe St, <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>K1P 5M2
              </POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(613) 580-2940</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>infoservice@biblioottawalibrary.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.biblioottawalibrary.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1906"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT>2.3m. vols, 1,200 maps</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Danielle</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>McDona</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.7.21" TOWN="Kingston, ON" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000189"
        PREVUPDATES="29.05.2002, 25.03.2006, 16.04.2018" UPDATED="07.05.2021"
        PREVRETURNS="23.06.2004, 10.07.2006" RETURNED="22.01.2014" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Queen&amp;rsquo;s University Library</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Jen Amos, Communications Co-ordinator, <EMAIL>jen.amos@queensu.ca
            </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>Stauffer Library, 101 Union St, <CITY>Kingston</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>
                K7L 2N9</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(613) 533-2520</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <WWW>www.library.queensu.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1841"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">incl. Douglas Library, Bracken Health Sciences
            Library, Education Library, Jordan Special Collns, Lederman Law Library, Univ.
            Archives</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT>3m. vols, 11 linear km of archival records incl. 3m. photographs, 300,000
              architectural drawings, sound recordings and moving images, 80,000
              ejournals</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Provost and Univ. Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Mark</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Asberg </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.7.22" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000190"
        PREVUPDATES="11.02.2008, 17/08/01; 15.05.2003, 18.5.2009, 16.04.2018" UPDATED="15.06.2021"
        PREVRETURNS="06.05.2005, 14.04.2010, 30.03.2011, 16.04.2014, 26.01.2015, 18.02.2016, 29.05.2017, 15.02.2018"
        RETURNED="01.03.2019" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Supreme Court of Canada Library</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Katherine Laundy Man., Colln Dept,
              <EMAIL>katherine.laundy@scc-csc.ca </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>301 Wellington St, <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>K1A
                0J1</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(613) 996-8120</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>library-bibliotheque@scc-csc.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.scc-csc.ca/lib-bib/index-eng.aspx</WWW>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">colln of rare books printed in the 16th, 17th and
            18th centuries on common law of England, civil law of France</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="300000"/> vols</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Registrar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Roger</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Bilodeau</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Alicia</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Loo</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.7.23" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000191" PREVUPDATES="05.06.2003, 16.04.2018"
        UPDATED="15.06.2021" PREVRETURNS="10.06.2004, 10.03.2015" RETURNED="02.03.2019" DP="NO"
        SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Toronto Public Library</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Nancy Marshall, Admin. Co-ordinator,
              <EMAIL>nmarshall@torontopubliclibrary.ca </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>789 Yonge St, <CITY>Toronto</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>M4W 2G8
              </POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(416) 393-7131</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>answerline@torontopubliclibrary.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.torontopubliclibrary.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1884"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT>10.5m. vols incl. books, CDs, DVDs and ebooks in 40 languages</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">City Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Vickery</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Bowles</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.7.24" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000192"
        PREVUPDATES="31.07.2017, 16.04.2018, 09.06.2020" UPDATED="10.06.2021"
        PREVRETURNS="01.07.2004; 05.05.2005; 29.05.2002" RETURNED="13.06.2006" DP="NO"
        SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>University of Ottawa Library</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Tony Horava, Assoc. Univ. Librarian (Collns),
              <EMAIL>thorava@uOttawa.ca </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>65 University Private, <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> K1N
                6N5</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(613) 562-5213</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>bibliolibrary@uottawa.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>biblio.uottawa.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1848"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">incl. archives and spec. collns, Brian Dickson Law
            Library, GSG Centre, Faculty of Social Sciences Library, Health Sciences Library, Isobel
            Firestone Music Library, Management Library, Media Centre</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT>2.4m. vols, 2.4m. ebooks, 76,410 ejournals, 940 databases, 1.02m. govt publs,
              1.9m. microforms, 423,990 map materials, 25,500 audiovisual items, 217,940 slides,
              87,840 music items</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Provost and Univ. Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Talia</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Chung</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.7.25" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000193"
        PREVUPDATES="17/08/01; 30.05.2002, 22.05.2003, 16.04.2018" UPDATED="10.06.2021"
        PREVRETURNS="20.06.2005; 23.04.2004, 01.08.2006" RETURNED="06.02.2015" DP="NO"
        SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>University of Toronto Libraries</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Jesse Carliner, Communications Librarian, <EMAIL>
              jesse.carliner@utoronto.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>130 St George St, <CITY>Toronto</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>M5S
                1A5</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(416) 978-8450</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>library.info@utoronto.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>onesearch.library.utoronto.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1891"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT>19.5m. vols, 6.4m. eresources, 28,000 linear m of archival material
            </LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chief Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Larry P.</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Alford</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.7.27" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000194"
        PREVUPDATES="22.05.2003, 12.09.2017, 16.04.2018" UPDATED="10.06.2020"
        PREVRETURNS="19.06.2006" RETURNED="02.05.2011" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>University of Waterloo Library</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Sara Perkins, Communications Officer, Library Office, <EMAIL>
              sara.perkins@uwaterloo.ca</EMAIL>
          </CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>Dana Porter Library, 200 University Ave W, <CITY>Waterloo </CITY>, ON
                <POSTCODE>N2L 3G1</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(519) 888-4567</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>myapplication@uwaterloo.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.lib.uwaterloo.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1957"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">incl. Davis Centre Library, Musagetes Architecture
            Library, Witer Learning Resource Centre</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT>2.05m. vols, 1.7m. microform pieces, 4,000 print titles, 31,590 electronic
              serial titles</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Univ. Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Beth Sandore</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Namachchivaya</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.7.28" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000195"
        PREVUPDATES="24.03.2008, 8.6.2009, 16.04.2018, 10.06.2020" UPDATED="10.06.2021"
        PREVRETURNS="17.06.2004; 22.04.2005" RETURNED="13.06.2006" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Western Libraries</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Admin. Services, <EMAIL>wlbusoff@uwo.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>1151 Richmond St, <CITY>London</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>N6A
              3K7</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(519) 661-2111</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <WWW>www.lib.uwo.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1878"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ATTACHED-TO> Western Univ.</ATTACHED-TO>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">James Alexander and Ellen Rea Benson spec. colln
            of rare books, monographs, serials; Serge A. Sauer map colln</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT>11m. vols incl. 5.7m. books, 1m. journals, 222,000 paper maps, 17,000 ebooks
              and ejournals</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Provost and Chief Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Catherine</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Steeves</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
    </REGION>
    <REGION ID="CA.3.8" STATUS="STATE">
      <TITLE>Prince Edward Island</TITLE>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.8.1" TOWN="Charlottetown" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000197"
        PREVUPDATES="09.07.2004, 16.04.2018" UPDATED="11.06.2019"
        PREVRETURNS="14.04.2010, 28.05.2014, 28.01.2019" RETURNED="06.05.2021" DP="NO"
        SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Confederation Centre Public Library</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Beth Clinton, Regional Librarian</CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>145<REND TYPE="SC">a</REND> Richmond St, POB 7000, <CITY>
                Charlottetown</CITY>, PE <POSTCODE>C1A 8G8</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(902) 368-4642</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>ccpl@gov.pe.ca</EMAIL>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1773"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="72000"/> vols</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir of Libraries and Archives</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Kathleen</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Eaton</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="VACANT">Chief Librarian</JOB>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.8.2" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000198" PREVUPDATES="09.07.2004, 02.04.2009"
        UPDATED="16.04.2018"
        PREVRETURNS="01.08.2006, 08.02.2010,17.01.2011, 15.02.2012, 08.01.2013, 23.01.2014, 28.04.2015, 20.01.2016, 11.01.2018"
        RETURNED="24.01.2019" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Prince Edward Island Public Library Service</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Liam O'Hare, Systems Librarian
            <EMAIL>lfohare@gov.pe.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>89 Red Head Rd, POB 7500, <CITY>Morell</CITY>, PE <POSTCODE> C0A
                1S0</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(902) 961-7320</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>plshq@gov.pe.ca</EMAIL>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1933"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="319000"/> vols in regional system of 26 public libraries
            </LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir of Libraries, Archives and Cultural Affairs</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Kathleen</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Eaton</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.8.3" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000199" PREVUPDATES="09.07.2004, 18.5.2009"
        UPDATED="16.04.2018"
        PREVRETURNS="08.06.2007,07.01.2011,08.02.2012, 14.05.2012, 16.04.2013, 07.01.2014, 29.01.2015, 12.01.2016, 27.01.2016, 19.01.2017"
        RETURNED="23.01.2018" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Public Archives and Records Office of Prince Edward Island</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Francis, Admin. Asst, <EMAIL>archives@gov.pe.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>POB 1000, <CITY>Charlottetown</CITY>, PE <POSTCODE>C1A 7M4
              </POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(902) 368-4290</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>archives@gov.pe.ca</EMAIL>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1964"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Provincial Archivist</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Jill</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>MacMicken-Wilson</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
    </REGION>
    <REGION ID="CA.3.9" STATUS="STATE">
      <TITLE>Qu&amp;eacute;bec</TITLE>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.9.5" TOWN="Montreal" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000204" UPDATED="21.01.2014"
        PREVRETURNS="22.05.2003; 17/08/01; 15/08/00; 30.05.2002; 03.06.2004, 01.06.2005, 31.03.2011, 22.03.2013, 14.01.2015, 01.02.2016, 09.01.2017, 16.02.2018, 19.01..2021"
        RETURNED="24.01.2022" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Biblioth&amp;egrave;que de la Compagnie de J&amp;eacute;sus</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">Jesuit Library</SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Marc Umba Mambuku, Dir <EMAIL>bcj@brebeuf.qc.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>Coll&amp;egrave;ge Jean-de-Br&amp;eacute;beuf, L. B4&amp;ndash;25,
              3200 chemin C&amp;ocirc;te-Ste-Catherine, <CITY>Montr&amp;eacute;al</CITY>, QC
                <POSTCODE> H3T 1C1</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(514) 342-9342</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>bcj@brebeuf.qc.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.brebeuf.qc.ca/bibliotheques/bibliotheque-de-compagnie-de-jesus/</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1882"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">incl. 5,000 ancient books since 1504, 4 MSS since
            1480</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="200000"/> vols, 1,110 journals, 200,000 monographies </LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Marc</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Umba Mambuku</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.9.2" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000201" PREVUPDATES="05.06.2003, 4.6.2009"
        UPDATED="16.04.2018" PREVRETURNS="10.01.2011, 16.01.2012, 20.01.2015" RETURNED="26.04.2019"
        DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Biblioth&amp;egrave;que de l&amp;rsquo;Assembl&amp;eacute;e Nationale du
            Qu&amp;eacute;bec </TITLE>
          <TRANS INDEX="1">Library of the National Assembly of Qu&amp;eacute;bec</TRANS>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Marc Audet, Librarian <EMAIL>maudet@assnat.qc.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>Pamphile-Le May Bldg, 1035 rue des Parlementaires, <CITY>
                Qu&amp;eacute;bec</CITY>, QC <POSTCODE>G1A 1A3</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(418) 643-4408</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>bibliotheque@assnat.qc.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.bibliotheque.assnat.qc.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1802"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">heritage objects colln of 5,000 artefacts,
            Chauveau colln incl. 3,500 brochures and old books, 6,000 rare and valuable books,
            regional history colln of 1,200 titles</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT>2 linear km of textual, iconographic, audio and visual documents; 1,200
              local, nat. and int. newspapers</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Jacques</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Gagnon</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <PUB-GRP>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Journal des D&amp;eacute;bats: Index</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>irregular</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
          </PUB-GRP>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.9.3" TOWN="Qu&amp;eacute;bec" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000202"
        PREVUPDATES="17/08/01" UPDATED="16.04.2018"
        PREVRETURNS="11.05.2004, 19.06.2006, 27.04.2016, 10.05.2019, 14.02.2020"
        RETURNED="06.01.2021" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Biblioth&amp;egrave;que de l&amp;rsquo;Universit&amp;eacute; Laval</TITLE>
          <TRANS INDEX="1">Laval University Library</TRANS>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Sonia Roy, Sec. <EMAIL>sonia.roy@bibl.ulaval.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>Pavillon Jean-Charles-Bonenfant, 2345 all&amp;eacute;e des
              Biblioth&amp;egrave;ques, <CITY> Qu&amp;eacute;bec</CITY>, QC <POSTCODE>G1V
                0A6</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(418) 656-3344</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>bibl@bibl.ulaval.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.bibl.ulaval.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1852"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">also campus library in Pavilion
            Alexandre-Vachon</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT>6m. vols incl. books, periodicals, theses, films, music, maps, atlases,
              statistics</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Loubna</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Ghaouti </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.9.7" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000206"
        PREVUPDATES="24.06.2003, 01.10.2004, 28.07.2015, 16.04.2018" UPDATED="15.06.2021"
        PREVRETURNS="14.06.2006; 01.10.2004; 17.05.2005" RETURNED="08.01.2013" DP="NO"
        SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Biblioth&amp;egrave;que et Archives Nationales du Qu&amp;eacute;bec</TITLE>
          <TRANS INDEX="1">Library and National Archives of Qu&amp;eacute;bec</TRANS>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Patrice Juneau, Agent d&amp;rsquo; information, <EMAIL>
              patrice.juneau@banq.qc.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>475 Blvd de Maisonneuve Est, <CITY>Montr&amp;eacute;al</CITY>, QC
                <POSTCODE>H2L 5C4</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(514) 873-1100</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>boutique@banq.qc.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.banq.qc.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="2006"/> by merger of Biblioth&amp;egrave;que Nationale du
              Qu&amp;eacute;bec and the Archives Nationales du Qu&amp;eacute;bec</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">9 archive centres: Chicoutimi, Gatineau,
            Montr&amp;eacute;al, Qu&amp;eacute;bec, Rimouski, Rouyn-Noranda, Sept-Iles, Sherbrooke,
            Trois-Rivi&amp;egrave;res</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT>3.5m. vols; 30,000 documents published since 1867 in Canadian Govt
              publications; 30,000 books, brochures and periodicals from 1764&amp;ndash;1867 in
              Pre-Confederation publications; 20,000 maps and plans; 60,000 Qu&amp;eacute;bec govt
              publications</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chair. and CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Jean-Louis</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Roy</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <PUB-GRP>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Revue de Biblioth&amp;egrave;que et Archives Nationales du Qu&amp;eacute;bec </JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>1 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
          </PUB-GRP>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.9.8" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000207"
        PREVUPDATES="30.05.2002;17/08/01, 09.07.2004, 16.04.2018, 09.06.2020, 10.06.2021"
        UPDATED="15.06.2022" PREVRETURNS="24.05.2012" RETURNED="10.01.2023" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Biblioth&amp;egrave;ques de l&amp;rsquo;Universit&amp;eacute; de
            Montr&amp;eacute;al </TITLE>
          <TRANS INDEX="1">Libraries of University of Montr&amp;eacute;al</TRANS>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Andree-Anne Lesage, Librarian, Acquisitions Dept, <EMAIL>
              acqpel@bib.umontreal.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>POB 6128, Station Centre-ville, <CITY>Montr&amp;eacute;al</CITY>, QC
                <POSTCODE>H3C 3J7</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(514) 343-7643</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>unequestion@bib.umontreal.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.bib.umontreal.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1928"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">spec. collns on architectural planning, Canadiana
            and Americana, law, medieval studies, history of art, French literature, music,
            philosophy, quebec poetry, educational sciences, economic and social sciences, science
            and medicine, theology</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT>3m. vols, 300,000 ebooks and ejournals</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir-Gen. of Libraries</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>St&amp;eacute;phanie</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Gagnon</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.9.4" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000203" PREVUPDATES="09.07.2004"
        UPDATED="16.04.2018" RETURNED="11.01.2019" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Biblioth&amp;egrave;ques de Montr&amp;eacute;al</TITLE>
          <TRANS INDEX="1">Montr&amp;eacute;al Libraries</TRANS>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>5th Fl., 801 rue Brennan (Pavillon Prince), <CITY>Montr&amp;eacute;al
              </CITY>, QC <POSTCODE>H3C 0G4</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(514) 872-0311</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>public_biblio@ville.montreal.qc.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.bibliomontreal.com</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1917"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT>4m. vols</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Ivan</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Filion</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.9.6" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000205" PREVUPDATES="05.06.2003"
        UPDATED="16.04.2018" RETURNED="" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Centre d&amp;rsquo;Acc&amp;eacute;s &amp;aacute; l&amp;rsquo;Information Juridique
            Libraries</TITLE>
          <TRANS INDEX="1">Centre for Access to Legal Information</TRANS>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Isabelle Pilon, Dir for Library Network, Research and Training
              <EMAIL> ipilon@caij.qc.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>480 St-Laurent Blvd, Suite 503, <CITY>Montr&amp;eacute;al</CITY>, QC
                <POSTCODE>H2Y 3Y7</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(514) 866-2049</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>mlaforce@caij.qc.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.caij.qc.ca/bibliotheque/bibliotheques-et-points-de-service</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="2001"/> by merger of Bar of Montr&amp;eacute;al, Barreau
              de Qu&amp;eacute;bec, Assoc. des Avocats et Avocates de Province (AAP),
              R&amp;eacute;seau d&amp;rsquo;Information Juridique du Qu&amp;eacute;bec (RIJQ) and
              Qu&amp;eacute;bec Bar libraries</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="100000"/> vols</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Exec. Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Nancy</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Trudel</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Library Head</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Julie</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Brousseau</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.9.9" TOWN="Montr&amp;eacute;al" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000208"
        PREVUPDATES="17.08.2001, 09.07.2004, 03.09.2014, 17.04.2018" UPDATED="02.09.2022"
        PREVRETURNS="23.04.2010, 09.02.2011" RETURNED="08.01.2019" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Concordia University Library</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Karen Mullett <EMAIL>karen.mullett@concordia.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>Webster Library, 1455 de Maisonneuve Blvd W, <CITY>Montr&amp;eacute;al
              </CITY>, QC <POSTCODE>H3G 1M8</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(514) 848-2424</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>lib-circulation@concordia.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>library.concordia.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1974"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">also Vanier Library</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT>1.5m. vols</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="ACTING">Univ. Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Pat</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Riva</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.7.6" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000173"
        PREVUPDATES="09.07.2004;17.08.2001;22/08/00, 01.02.2008" UPDATED="16.04.2018"
        PREVRETURNS="23.02.2011, 09.01.2012, 10.02.2016, 09.02.2016, 02.02.2017"
        RETURNED="15.01.2019" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Departmental Library, Indigenous and Northern Affairs Canada</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">
            <EMAIL>aadnc.hqlibraryreference.aandc@canada.ca</EMAIL>
          </CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>14th Fl., Les Terrasses de la Chaudi&amp;egrave;re, 10 Wellington St,
                <CITY>Gatineau</CITY>, QC <POSTCODE>K1A 0H4</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(819) 997-0811</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>aadnc.hqlibraryreference.aandc@canada.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.aadnc-aandc.gc.ca/eng/1100100010124/1100100010125</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1966"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="100600"/> vols, 20,000 bound periodicals, 10,000 ebooks, 2,000
              rare books, 3,500 govt documents, 3,000 microfilm reels, incl. records relating to
              Indian affairs</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Departmental Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Pierre</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Beaudreau</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.9.10" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000209"
        PREVUPDATES="05.05.2009, 31.03.2008; 29.5.2009" UPDATED="17.04.2018"
        PREVRETURNS="22.04.2009, 21.01.2010, 07.01.2011, 09.02.2012, 08.01.2013"
        RETURNED="05.02.2014" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Fraser Hickson</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Helen Fortin, Exec. Dir, <EMAIL>
            helen@fraserhickson.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>3755 Botrel St, Suite 102, <CITY>Montr&amp;eacute;al</CITY>, QC
                <POSTCODE>H4A 3G8</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(514) 872-0517</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>alan@fraserhickson.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.fraserhickson.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1885"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="130000"/> vols</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Exec. Dir and CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Helen</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Fortin</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.9.11" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000210"
        PREVUPDATES="09.07.2004, 12.05.2008, 17.04.2018, 09.06.2021" UPDATED="02.09.2022"
        PREVRETURNS="27.05.2005, 13.04.2012" RETURNED="17.05.2017" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>McGill Library</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Merika Ramundo, Communications Officer,
              <EMAIL>merika.ramundo@mcgill.ca </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>3459 rue McTavish, <CITY>Montr&amp;eacute;al</CITY>, QC <POSTCODE> H3A
                0C9</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(514) 600-6325</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <WWW>www.mcgill.ca/library</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1829"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ATTACHED-TO> McGill Univ.</ATTACHED-TO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT>9m. vols incl. 2.1m. books, 3.4m. ebooks, 112,660 electronic theses, 129,770
              ejournals, 44,520 journals, 88,940 microforms, 8,000 maps</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dean for Libraries</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Guylaine</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Beaudry </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <PUB-GRP>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Fontanus</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>1 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
          </PUB-GRP>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.9.12" TOWN="" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000211"
        PREVUPDATES="25.03.2008, 02.04.2009" UPDATED="17.04.2018"
        PREVRETURNS="27.05.2004;16.04.2007, 04.02.2010,20.01.2011, 21.02.2012, 05.02.2013, 22.01.2014, 11.02.2015, 05.02.2016, 09.01.2017, 01.02.2018"
        RETURNED="11.01.2019" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Osler Library of the History of Medicine</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Lily Szczygiel, Documentation Technician,
              <EMAIL>lily.szczygiel@mcgill.ca </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>3rd Fl., McIntyre Medical Sciences Bldg, 3655 Promenade Sir William
              Osler, <CITY>Montr&amp;eacute;al</CITY>, QC <POSTCODE>H3G
              1Y6</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(514) 398-4475</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>osler.library@mcgill.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.mcgill.ca/library/branches/osler</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1929"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ATTACHED-TO> McGill Univ.</ATTACHED-TO>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">spec. collns incl. anatomical atlases, Bibliotheca
            Osleriana, Frank Dawson Adams colln (geology, mineralogy, volcanology, paleontology),
            Norman Bethune colln, Osler Library almanac colln, Paris Medical theses colln, Sir
            William Osler colln, Wilder Penfield Archive</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="110610"/> vols</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Head Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Mary</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Yearl</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
    </REGION>
    <REGION ID="CA.3.10" STATUS="STATE">
      <TITLE>Saskatchewan</TITLE>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.10.1" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000212" PREVUPDATES="17.08.2001, 09.07.2004"
        UPDATED="16.04.2018" PREVRETURNS="30.05.2002, 22.4.2010" RETURNED="16.02.2021" DP="NO"
        SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Regina Public Library</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Julie McKenna, Deputy Library Dir, <EMAIL>jmckenna@reginalibrary.ca
            </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>2311 12th Ave, <CITY>Regina</CITY>, SK <POSTCODE>S4P 0N3
              </POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(306) 777-6000</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>askalibrarian@reginalibrary.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.reginalibrary.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1909"/>, present status 1996</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="666000"/> vols</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Library Dir and CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Jeff</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Barber</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.10.2" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000213" PREVUPDATES="09.07.2004, 02.04.2009"
        UPDATED="16.04.2018"
        PREVRETURNS="13.06.2006,5.3.2010,27.01.2011, 19.01.2012, 26.04.2012, 16.01.2013, , 28.01.2015, 17.03.2016, 29.03.2018"
        RETURNED="29.01.2019" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Saskatchewan Legislative Library</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Melissa Bennett, Legislative Librarian,
              <EMAIL>mbennett@legassembly.sk.ca </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>234&amp;ndash;2405 Legislative Dr., <CITY>Regina</CITY>, SK <POSTCODE>
                S4S 0B3</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(306) 787-2276</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>reference@legassembly.sk.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.legassembly.sk.ca/library</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1878"/>, current name adopted 1905</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">colln of govt documents and W Canadiana, catalogue
            of 900 local histories</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="500000"/> vols</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Legislative Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Melissa</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Bennett</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.10.3" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000214" PREVUPDATES="17/08/01, 30.05.2002"
        UPDATED="16.04.2018"
        PREVRETURNS="11.06.2007; 20.06.2006; 11.05.2004, 03.03.2008, 10.02.2011, 20.03.2013, 30.04.2014"
        RETURNED="22.03.2016" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Saskatchewan Provincial Library and Literacy Office</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Barb Griffiths, Administrative Asst, <EMAIL>
              barb.griffiths@gov.sk.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>409<REND TYPE="SC">a</REND> Park St, <CITY>Regina</CITY>, SK
                <POSTCODE>S4N 5B2</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(306) 787-2976</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="2008"/> by merger of Literacy Office and the Provincial
              Library</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ATTACHED-TO>Min. of Education</ATTACHED-TO>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">coordinates library services in the
            province</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="97000"/> vols, specializing in library science, multilingual
              books and last copy fiction</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Provincial Librarian and Exec. Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Alison</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Hopkins</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.10.4" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000215"
        PREVUPDATES="01.09.2003, 13.05.2008, 4.6.2009" UPDATED="16.04.2018"
        PREVRETURNS="14.03.2014, 28.03.2018, 16.03.2019, 24.01.2020" RETURNED="09.01.2023" DP="NO"
        SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Saskatoon Public Library</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Katie Edwards, Man., Digital Initiatives, <EMAIL>
              k.edwards@saskatoonlibrary.ca </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>311&amp;ndash;23rd St E, <CITY>Saskatoon</CITY>, SK <POSTCODE> S7K
                0J6</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(306) 975-7558</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>askus@saskatoonlibrary.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.saskatoonlibrary.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1913"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir of Libraries and CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Carol</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Cooley</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.10.5" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000216" PREVUPDATES="30.05.2002"
        UPDATED="16.04.2018" RETURNED="02.07.2004" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>University of Saskatchewan Libraries</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Charlene Sorensen, Assoc. Dean, Univ. Library,
              <EMAIL>charlene.sorensen@usask.ca </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>Murray Bldg, 3 Campus Dr., Room 156, <CITY>Saskatoon</CITY>, SK
                <POSTCODE>S7N 5A4</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(306) 966-5927</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <WWW>www.library.usask.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1909"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">incl. Education and Music Library, Engineering
            Library, Law Library, Leslie and Irene Dub&amp;eacute; Health Sciences Library, Murray
            Library, Science Library, Veterinary Medicine Library</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT>2.5m. vols, 89,000 ejournals, 450,000 ebooks</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dean for Univ. Library</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Melissa</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Just</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.3.10.6" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000217" PREVUPDATES="09.07.2004, 26.03.2008"
        UPDATED="16.04.2018" PREVRETURNS="11.05.2011, 15.05.2012" RETURNED="23.01.2019" DP="NO"
        SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Wapiti Regional Library</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Kathy Desormeau, Admin. Asst, <EMAIL>adminasst@wapitilibrary.ca
            </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>145 12th St E, <CITY>Prince Albert</CITY>, SK <POSTCODE> S6V
                1B7</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(306) 764-0712</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>wapiti@wapitilibrary.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.wapitilibrary.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1950"/> as North Central Saskatchewan Regional
              Library</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="1">
            <LIB-PTEXT>3m. vols</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Regional Dir and CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Tony</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Murphy</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
    </REGION>
  </LA-GRP>
  <MG-GRP ID="CA.4">
    <TITLE>Museums and Art Galleries</TITLE>
    <REGION ID="CA.4.1" STATUS="STATE">
      <TITLE>Alberta</TITLE>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.4.1.3" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000220" PREVUPDATES="03.04.2018"
        UPDATED="15.06.2021" PREVRETURNS="07.06.2004,16.11.2007, 12.5.2010" RETURNED="22.02.2011"
        DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Art Gallery of Alberta</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">
            <EMAIL>collections@youraga.ca.</EMAIL>
          </CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>2 Sir Winston Churchill Sq., <CITY>Edmonton</CITY>, AB <POSTCODE> T5J
                2C1</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(780) 425-5379</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@youraga.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.youraga.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1924"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">colln of 6,000 contemporary works; 1,500
            contemporary and historical photographs; colln of prints by Thomas Bewick </GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Exec. Dir and Chief Curator</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Catherine</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Crowston</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.4.1.1" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000218"
        PREVUPDATES="22/08/00; 30.05.2002, 05.06.2003" UPDATED="03.04.2018" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Banff Park Museum</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">The Historic Sites Supervisor<EMAIL>caveandbasin@pc.gc.ca
            </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>91 Banff Ave, <CITY>Banff</CITY>, AB <POSTCODE>T1L
              1K2</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(403) 762-1558</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>banff.vrc@pc.gc.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.pc.gc.ca/en/lhn-nhs/ab/banff</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1895"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">taxidermy colln of 5,000 natural history
            specimens</GEN-INFO>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.4.1.5" TOWN="" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000222" PREVUPDATES="07/08/00"
        UPDATED="03.04.2018" PREVRETURNS="24.05.2006; 22.04.2005" RETURNED="18.06.2008" DP="NO"
        SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Buffalo Nations Luxton Museum</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Estelle Guthro</CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>1 Birch Ave, <CITY>Banff</CITY>, AB <POSTCODE>T1L
              1A8</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(403) 762-2388</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@buffalonationsmuseum.com</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.buffalonationsmuseum.com</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1951"/> as Luxton Museum</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">ornamented costumes, tipi, quillwork, hunting
            equipment, native arts of First Nations of N America and their trading
            partners</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Gen. Man.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Estelle</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Guthro</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.4.1.2" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000219" PREVUPDATES="17/08/01" UPDATED="03.04.2018"
        RETURNED="31.05.2006" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Department of Earth and Atmospheric Sciences Museum</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Andrew Locock, collns and Museums Administrator <EMAIL>
              alocock@ualberta.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>1&amp;ndash;26 Earth Sciences Bldg, <CITY>Edmonton</CITY>, AB
                <POSTCODE> T6G 2E3</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(780) 492-3265</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>eas@ualberta.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.ualberta.ca/earth-sciences/facilities/collections-and-museums</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1912"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ATTACHED-TO> Univ. of Alberta</ATTACHED-TO>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">Drill Core Colln (7,000 metres of sedimentary core
            and 900 metres of kimberlite); Invertebrate Palaeontology Colln of 10,000 type
            specimens; Vertebrate Palaeontology Colln; Meteorite Colln; Mineralogy and Petrology
            Colln; Trace Fossil Colln; Canadian Ice Core Archive; Geoscience Garden</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Collns and Museums Administrator</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Lisa</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Budney</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.4.1.6" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000223" PREVUPDATES="22/08/00" UPDATED="10.07.2004"
        PREVRETURNS="13.03.2018" RETURNED="07.01.2019" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Esplanade Arts and Heritage Centre</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>401 First St SE, <CITY>Medicine Hat</CITY>, AB <POSTCODE> T1A
                8W2</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(403) 502-8580</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>esplanade@medicinehat.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.esplanade.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1967"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">incl. museum and art gallery; museum incl. 25,000
            artefacts of early residents, cultural and natural history, palaeontology; art gallery
            incl. Kathleen Daly/George Pepper estate of 80 oil paintings, H. G. Glyde, Takao Tanabe
            and Illingworth Kerr colln, William Stewart colln of 100 drawings</GEN-INFO>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.4.1.4" TOWN="" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000221" PREVUPDATES="10.07.2004"
        UPDATED="03.04.2018" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Glenbow Museum</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>130 Ninth Ave SE, <CITY>Calgary</CITY>, AB <POSTCODE>T2G
                0P3</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(403) 268-4100</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>glenbow@glenbow.org</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.glenbow.org</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1966"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">colln of art, artefacts, archival materials and
            published works documenting the history and culture of W Canada</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="100000"/> vols, 5,000 maps, 6,000 trade catalogues</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Donna</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Livingstone </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.4.1.7" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000224" PREVUPDATES="10.07.2004, 03.04.2018"
        UPDATED="15.06.2021" PREVRETURNS="20.4.2010, 13.03.2013" RETURNED="04.03.2014" DP="NO"
        SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Royal Alberta Museum</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Chris Robinson, Exec. Dir <EMAIL>chris.robinson@gov.ab.ca
            </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>9810 103<REND TYPE="SC">a</REND> Ave NW, <CITY>Edmonton </CITY>, AB
                <POSTCODE>T5J 0G2</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(780) 453-9100</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <WWW>www.royalalbertamuseum.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1967"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">colln of 10m. objects in 13 curatorial programmes:
            archaeology, botany, cultural communities, ethnology, geology, ichthyology, invertebrate
            zoology, mammalogy, military and political history, ornithology, palaeontology,
            Quaternary and Quaternary environments, W Canadian history</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="ACTING">Exec. Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Alwynne</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Beaudoin</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.4.1.8" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000225" PREVUPDATES="10.07.2004, 2.1.2009"
        UPDATED="03.04.2018" PREVRETURNS="22/08/00, 18.02.2011, 02.02.2017" RETURNED="27.03.2018"
        DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Royal Tyrrell Museum of Palaeontology</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">
            <EMAIL>tyrrell.library@gov.ab.ca</EMAIL>
          </CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>POB 7500, <CITY>Drumheller</CITY>, AB <POSTCODE>T0J 0Y0
              </POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(403) 823-7707</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>tyrrell.info@gov.ab.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.tyrrellmuseum.com</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1985"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">research colln of 160,000 fossil vertebrates,
            invertebrates, plants and geological specimens incl. 350 holotypes</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="50000"/> vols, spec. biographical colln on Joseph Burr
              Tyrrell</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <VERBATIM-NAME>Andrew Neuman</VERBATIM-NAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
    </REGION>
    <REGION ID="CA.4.2" STATUS="STATE">
      <TITLE>British Columbia</TITLE>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.4.2.1" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000227" PREVUPDATES="10.07.2004"
        UPDATED="27.04.2008" PREVRETURNS="11.07.2006" RETURNED="22.01.2014" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Helmcken House Museum</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">
            <EMAIL>reception@royalbcmuseum.bc.ca</EMAIL>
          </CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>c/o Royal BC Museum, 675 Belleville St, <CITY>Victoria</CITY>, BC
                <POSTCODE>V8W 9W2</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(250) 356-7226</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <WWW>royalbcmuseum.bc.ca/exhibits/tbird-park/html/present/preshelm.htm</WWW>
          <ATTACHED-TO>Royal BC Museum</ATTACHED-TO>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">19th-century medical kit of Dr John Sebastian
            Helmcken; domestic arts, Christmas traditions</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Curator of Human History, Royal BC Museum</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Lorne</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Hammond</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.201805291147.0001" TOWN="Vernon" INDEX="Y" UPDATED="29.05.2018"
        PREVRETURNS="23.01.2019, 07.01.2020, 20.01.2021" RETURNED="06.04.2022" DP="NO"
        SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Museum and Archives of Vernon</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Gwyneth Evans, Community Engagement Co-ordinator, <EMAIL>
              gwynethdianne@gmail.com</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>3009 32nd Ave, <CITY>Vernon</CITY>, BC <POSTCODE>V1T 2L8
              </POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(250) 550-3140</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>mail@vernonmuseum.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.vernonmuseum.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1950"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">collns of c. 250 record groups incl. Allan Brooks,
            Argillite, British Columbia Dragoons, Charles Holiday, human history, Prince of Wales
            Ice Pail; topographical, contour, and historical maps; archives incl. 450 local history
            topics, 30,000 historic images, interior Salish, and 1,500 biographical information,
            2,800 rare publs</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Exec. Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Steve</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Fleck</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Archivist</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Barbara</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Bell</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.4.2.3" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000228" PREVUPDATES="17.07.2002"
        UPDATED="26.05.2009" PREVRETURNS="08.06.2007, 20.04.2009" RETURNED="11.02.2011" DP="NO"
        SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Museum of Northern British Columbia</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Erin Alger, Collns Man. <EMAIL>alger@citytel.net</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>100 First Ave W, POB 669, <CITY>Prince Rupert</CITY>, BC <POSTCODE>
                V8J 3S1</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(250) 624-3207</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>mnbc@citytel.net</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.museumofnorthernbc.com</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1924"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">covers 10,000 years of human habitation incl.
            economic, domestic, and ceremonial lives of Northwest Coast people, First Nations
            culture, ceremonial objects of chiefs and shamans, local pioneer history and natural
            history; art gallery; Kwinitsa Railway Museum</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="800"/> vols (50 rare)</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Robin</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Weber</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Curator</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Susan</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Marsden</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.4.2.4" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000229" PREVUPDATES="30.05.2002, 04.04.2018"
        UPDATED="15.06.2021" PREVRETURNS="07.07.2004; 29.04.2005;31.07.2006, 26.04.2010"
        RETURNED="23.04.2013" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Royal British Columbia Museum</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Karen Fudge-Jensen, Vice-Pres. for Archives, Museum Operations and
            Provincial Partnerships, <EMAIL>k.fudgejensen@royalbcmuseum.bc.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>675 Belleville St, <CITY>Victoria</CITY>, BC <POSTCODE> V8W
                9W2</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(250) 356-7226</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>reception@royalbcmuseum.bc.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.royalbcmuseum.bc.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1886"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">incl 101,860 vertebrate specimens; palaeontology
            colln of 60,000 specimens; invertebrate zoology colln of 60,000 specimens; botany colln
            of 215,000 dried plant specimens incl. 208,000 vascular plants, 7,000 mosses and lichens
            and 450 boxed cones; archaeology colln of 215,000 catalogued artefacts covering 10,000
            years; ethnography colln of 65,000 photographs, 14,000 objects; modern history colln of
            165,000 objects</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT>see under Libraries and Archives</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Dan</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Muzyka</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.4.2.5" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000230"
        PREVUPDATES="18.09.2001, 22.05.2003, 04.04.2018, 26.08.2019, 31.08.2020"
        UPDATED="16.07.2021" PREVRETURNS="03.06.2005, 22.01.2019, 06.01.2020" RETURNED="18.01.2021"
        DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Vancouver Art Gallery</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Johanie Marcoux, Dir for Marketing,
              <EMAIL>jmarcoux@vanartgallery.bc.ca </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>750 Hornby St, <CITY>Vancouver</CITY>, BC <POSTCODE>V6Z
              2H7</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(604) 662-4700</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>media@vanartgallery.bc.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.vanartgallery.bc.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1931"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">colln of 11,000 works of art incl. 19th century
            mountain and coastal landscapes, contemporary photo-based artwork by Vancouver artists;
            paintings and works on paper by Emily Carr; indigenous art; contemporary Asian
            art</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="50000"/> vols, 5,000 artist files, audio cassettes and auction
              catalogues</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir and CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Anthony</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Kiendl</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.4.2.6" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000231" PREVUPDATES="22.05.2003"
        UPDATED="04.04.2018" PREVRETURNS="11.02.2011, 22.04.2013" RETURNED="13.01.2018" DP="NO"
        SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Vancouver Maritime Museum</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Dr Joost Schokkenbroek, Exec. Dir, <EMAIL>director@vanmaritime.com
            </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>1905 Ogden Ave, <CITY>Vancouver</CITY>, BC <POSTCODE>V6J
                1A3</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(604) 257-8300</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>director@vancouvermaritimemuseum.com</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.vancouvermaritimemuseum.com</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1959"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">40,000 artefacts; 100,000 photographs </GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="12500"/> vols</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Exec. Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Joost</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Schokkenbroek </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
    </REGION>
    <REGION ID="CA.4.3" STATUS="STATE">
      <TITLE>Manitoba</TITLE>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.202011201424.0001" INDEX="Y" UPDATED="20.11.2020" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Canadian Museum for Human Rights</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>85 Israel Asper Way, <CITY>Winnipeg</CITY>, MB <POSTCODE> R3C
                0L5</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(204) 289-200</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@humanrights.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>humanrights.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="2014"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">permanent core galleries: Canadian Journeys,
            Protecting Rights in Canada, Turning Points for Humanity, Breaking the Silence, Rights
            Today, Inspiring Change, Indigenous Perspectives, Expressing Rights and
            Responsibilities, What are Human Rights?</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Isha</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Khan</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.4.3.1" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000232" PREVUPDATES="10.07.2004"
        UPDATED="04.04.2018" RETURNED="14.01.2015" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Manitoba Museum</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Jody Tresoor, Communications Specialist, <EMAIL>
              jtresoor@manitobamuseum.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>190 Rupert Ave, <CITY>Winnipeg</CITY>, MB <POSTCODE>R3B
              0N2</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(204) 956-2830</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@manitobamuseum.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.manitobamuseum.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1972"/> as Manitoba Museum of Man and Nature, present
              name and status 2002</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">colln of 2.6m. artefacts and specimens reflecting
            heritage of Manitoba and other regions; 9 galleries: orientation, earth history,
            artic/sub-artic, boreal forest, Nonsuch ship, Hudson Bay Company, parklands, grasslands,
            urban; incl. planetarium and science gallery</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="26000"/> vols</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Claudette</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Leclerc</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir for Research, Collns and Exhibits</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Seema</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Hollenberg</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.4.3.2" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000233"
        PREVUPDATES="17/08/01; 07/08/00, 10.07.2004, 04.04.2018" UPDATED="19.11.2020"
        PREVRETURNS="30.05.2002, 28.06.2005" RETURNED="23.02.2011" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Winnipeg Art Gallery</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Tammy Sawatzky, Campaign Communications, <EMAIL>
              tsawatzky@wag.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>300 Memorial Blvd, <CITY>Winnipeg</CITY>, MB <POSTCODE> R3C
                1V1</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(204) 786-6641</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>inquiries@wag.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.wag.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1912"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">Inuit contemporary art colln of 10,730 works;
            decorative arts colln of 4,000 pieces incl. ceramic, glass, metal and textiles dating
            from the 17th to mid-20th centuries; photography colln of 1,300 works of contemporary
            Canadian origin; int. art colln of 24,000 works incl. 15th-century European paintings,
            21st-century American multi-media art; incl. art centre Qaumajuq</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="30000"/> vols</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Stephen</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Borys </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED"> Head of Collns and Exhibitions and Curator for Canadian Art</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Riva</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Symko</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
    </REGION>
    <REGION ID="CA.4.4" STATUS="STATE">
      <TITLE>New Brunswick</TITLE>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.4.4.1" TOWN="Fredericton" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000234"
        PREVUPDATES="05.06.2003, 17/08/01; 22/08/00, 18.5.2009" UPDATED="04.04.2018"
        PREVRETURNS="30.05.2002, 08.06.2004" RETURNED="09.03.2011" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Beaverbrook Art Gallery</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>POB 605, <CITY>Fredericton</CITY>, NB <POSTCODE>E3B 5A6
              </POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>703 Queen St, <CITY>Fredericton</CITY>, NB <POSTCODE>E3B
                1C4</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(506) 458-2028</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>emailbag@beaverbrookartgallery.org</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.beaverbrookartgallery.org</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1959"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">colln of 3,000 objects; British colln of works
            from Elizabethan era to 20th century incl. full-length Grand Manner portraits, informal
            group portraits, preliminary studies of British politicians, writers and celebrities;
            Canadian colln incl. paintings, drawings, prints, photographs and sculpture from across
            Canada since the 18th century; craft objects, folk art, Inuit prints, First Nations
            art</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir, CEO and Chief Curator</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Tom</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Smart</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.4.4.2" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000235" PREVUPDATES="26.03.2008, 16.02.2009"
        UPDATED="04.04.2018"
        PREVRETURNS="15.06.2006; 17.06.2004; 25.05.2005;10.05.2007, 05.02.2010, 16.02.2011, 12.01.2012, 03.04.2013, 06.02.2014, 13.02.2015, 29.02.2016, 01.03.2017,02.03.2018"
        RETURNED="21.01.2019" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Fort Beaus&amp;eacute;jour</TITLE>
          <TRANS INDEX="1">Fort Cumberland National Historic Site</TRANS>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Juliette Bulmer</CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>111 Fort Beaus&amp;eacute;jour Rd, <CITY>Aulac</CITY>, NB <POSTCODE>
                E4L 2W5</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(506) 364-5080</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>fort.beausejour@pc.gc.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.pc.gc.ca/en/lhn-nhs/nb/beausejour</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1926"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ATTACHED-TO> Parks Canada</ATTACHED-TO>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">Canadian natural and cultural history; depicts
            18th-century conflicts between France and Britain, America and Britain</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Interpretation Officer and Co-ordinator</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Juliette</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Bulmer</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.4.4.3" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000236" UPDATED="27.03.2014" DP="NO"
        SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Miramichi History Museum</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>182 Wellington St, <CITY>Miramichi</CITY>, NB <POSTCODE> E1N
                1L7</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <EMAIL>mirnathist@nb.aibn.com</EMAIL>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1897"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">5,000 specimens of decorative arts, fine arts,
            human history and natural sciences</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Curator</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <VERBATIM-NAME>Ken Weatherby</VERBATIM-NAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.4.4.4" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000237"
        PREVUPDATES="17/08/01, 22.05.2003, 04.04.2018" UPDATED="15.06.2021"
        PREVRETURNS="02.08.2006, 21.03.2011" RETURNED="18.03.2014" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>New Brunswick Museum</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>277 Douglas Ave, <CITY>Saint John</CITY>, NB <POSTCODE> E2K
                1E5</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(506) 643-2300</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>nbm-mnb@nbm-mnb.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.nbm-mnb.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1842"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">military history colln incl. NB militia uniforms
            from 19th to 20th century, firearms and edged weapons from 17th to 20th century,
            Imperial Army maps and plans; botany colln of 55,000 specimens </GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT>45,000 monographs, 500 periodicals</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Bernard</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Riordon</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.4.4.5" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000238" PREVUPDATES="10.07.2004"
        UPDATED="04.04.2018" RETURNED="30.05.2002" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>York-Sunbury Historical Society Museum</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">Fredericton Region Museum</SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>POB 1312, Station A, <CITY>Fredericton</CITY>, NB <POSTCODE> E3B
                5C8</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(506) 455-6041</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>yorksunbury@nb.aibn.com</EMAIL>
          <WWW>frederictonregionmuseum.wordpress.com</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1934"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">artefacts and archival materials pertaining to
            central NB; awards Martha J. Harvey Award of Distinction</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Exec. Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Melynda</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Jarratt</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
    </REGION>
    <REGION ID="CA.4.5" STATUS="STATE">
      <TITLE>Newfoundland and Labrador</TITLE>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.4.5.1" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000239"
        PREVUPDATES="10.07.2004, 31.05.2002, 07.08.2000, 8.5.2009" UPDATED="04.04.2018"
        PREVRETURNS="04.02.2010, 27.07.2006, 20.04.2011, 26.02.2019" RETURNED="08.01.2020" DP="NO"
        SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>The Rooms</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Chrysta Collins, Communications Officer <EMAIL>
              chrystacollins@therooms.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>9 Bonaventure Ave, POB 1800, Station C, <CITY>St John&amp;rsquo;s
              </CITY>, NL <POSTCODE>A1C 5P9</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(709) 757-8000</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>information@therooms.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.therooms.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="2005"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">archives, art gallery and museum; colln of 7,000
            works of art incl. historical, contemporary, int. art, local crafts and folk art; 1m.
            natural history specimens, 1m. artefacts</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Dean</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Brinton</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
        <ATTACHED-GRP ID="CA.4.5.1.1">
          <ATTACHED-GRP-TITLE>Subsidiary Museums</ATTACHED-GRP-TITLE>
          <ATTACH-LIST ID="CA.4.5.1.1.1">
            <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804041438.001" INDEX="Y" UPDATED="04.04.2018" RETURNED="09.05.2019"
              DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
              <TIBLOCK>
                <TITLE>Labrador Interpretation Centre</TITLE>
              </TIBLOCK>
              <BLOCK>
                <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
                  <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>2 Portage Rd, POB 389, <CITY>North West River</CITY>, NL
                      <POSTCODE> A0P 1M0</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
                </ADDRESS>
                <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
                  <NUMBER>(709) 497-8566</NUMBER>
                </TEL>
                <EMAIL>licinfo@therooms.ca</EMAIL>
                <WWW>www.therooms.ca/museums#Labrador</WWW>
                <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">art and artefacts from Innu, Inuit,
                  M&amp;eacute;tis and Settler cultures </GEN-INFO>
              </BLOCK>
            </SECONDARY>
            <SECONDARY ID="CA.4.5.1.1.1.1" INDEX="Y" APPID="239.1" UPDATED="17/8/01ed2" DP="NO"
              SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
              <TIBLOCK>
                <TITLE>Mary March Provincial Museum</TITLE>
              </TIBLOCK>
              <BLOCK>
                <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">
                  <EMAIL>information@therooms.ca</EMAIL>
                </CONTACT>
                <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
                  <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>c/o Provincial Bldg, Cromer Ave, <CITY>Grand
                      Falls&amp;ndash;Windsor </CITY>, NL <POSTCODE>A2A
                    1W9</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
                </ADDRESS>
                <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
                  <NUMBER>(709) 292-4522</NUMBER>
                </TEL>
                <EMAIL>pwells@nf.aibn.com</EMAIL>
                <WWW>www.therooms.ca/museums#Mary</WWW>
                <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">artefacts of ancient Maritime Archaic
                  Indians, the Palaeoeskimo, Beothuk and Mi&amp;rsquo;kmaq cultures, and
                  Europeans</GEN-INFO>
              </BLOCK>
            </SECONDARY>
            <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804041244.001" INDEX="Y" UPDATED="04.04.2018" RETURNED="20.03.2019"
              DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
              <TIBLOCK>
                <TITLE>Provincial Seamen&amp;rsquo;s Museum</TITLE>
              </TIBLOCK>
              <BLOCK>
                <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
                  <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>POB 1109, <CITY>Grand Bank</CITY>, NL <POSTCODE>A0E 1W0
                    </POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
                </ADDRESS>
                <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
                  <NUMBER>(709) 832-1484</NUMBER>
                </TEL>
                <EMAIL>psminfo@therooms.ca</EMAIL>
                <WWW>www.therooms.ca/museums#Provincial</WWW>
                <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">tools of inshore and offshore fisheries
                  since 1800s; artefacts of ships, sailing and navigation; agricultural and
                  transportation objects</GEN-INFO>
              </BLOCK>
            </SECONDARY>
          </ATTACH-LIST>
        </ATTACHED-GRP>
      </SECONDARY>
    </REGION>
    <REGION ID="CA.4.6" STATUS="STATE">
      <TITLE>Nova Scotia</TITLE>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.4.6.1" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000240"
        PREVUPDATES="17/08/01, 31.05.2002, 04.04.2018" UPDATED="15.06.2021" PREVRETURNS="07.06.2004"
        RETURNED="04.02.2011" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Art Gallery of Nova Scotia</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Bahaiyyih Pride, Exec. Asst, <EMAIL>bahaiyyih.pride@novascotia.ca
            </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>POB 2262, <CITY>Halifax</CITY>, NS <POSTCODE>B3J
              3C8</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="LOCATION" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>1723 Hollis St, <CITY>Halifax</CITY>, NS <POSTCODE>B3J 1V9
              </POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(902) 424-5280</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info.desk@novascotia.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.artgalleryofnovascotia.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1908"/> as Nova Scotia Museum of Fine Arts, current name
              adopted 1975</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">18,000 works by 2,000 historical and contemporary
            Canadian visual artists with ties to NS, Atlantic provinces</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir and CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Nancy</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Noble</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chief Curator and Deputy Dir for Programmes</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Sarah Moore</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Fillmore</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.4.6.2" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000241" PREVUPDATES="17/08/01, 31.12.2008"
        UPDATED="04.04.2018" PREVRETURNS="25.05.2004, 30.01.2015, 18.02.2016, 04.01.2017"
        RETURNED="26.01.2018" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Fort Anne National Historic Site</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Paul Paquette, Interpretation Co-ordinator, </CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>POB 9, <CITY>Annapolis Royal</CITY>, NS <POSTCODE>B0S 1A0
              </POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(902) 532-2321</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>information@pc.gc.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.pc.gc.ca/fortanne</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1917"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">heritage tapestry, original artefacts of
            Mi&amp;rsquo;kmaq culture; hand-stitched work depicting 400 years of history</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Interpretation Co-ordinator</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Paul</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Paquette</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.4.6.4" TOWN="Halifax" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000243" PREVUPDATES="10.07.2004"
        UPDATED="05.04.2018" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Maritime Museum of the Atlantic</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Amber Laurie, Registrar, <EMAIL>amber.laurie@novascotia.ca
            </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>1675 Lower Water St, <CITY>Halifax</CITY>, NS <POSTCODE> B3J
                1S3</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(902) 424-7490</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>mmalibry@gov.ns.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>maritimemuseum.novascotia.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1957"/> as Maritime Museum of Canada, present name and
              status 1982</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">24,000 artefacts reflecting marine history of Nova
            Scotia incl. sailors' souvenirs, tableware, lanterns, Canadian naval ship badges,
            octants, sextants and telescopes</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="6000"/> vols, 20,000 photographs</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Gen. Man.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Kim</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Reinhardt</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.4.6.5" TOWN="Halifax" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000244"
        PREVUPDATES="10/08/00, 27.03.2014, 05.04.2018" UPDATED="15.06.2021" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Museum of Natural History</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Jeff Gray, Curator for Visitor Experiences and Exhibits, <EMAIL>
              jeffrey.gray@novascotia.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>1747 Summer St, <CITY>Halifax</CITY>, NS <POSTCODE>B3H 3A6
              </POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(902) 424-7353</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>museum@novascotia.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>naturalhistory.novascotia.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1868"/> as the Provincial Museum; present name and status
              1947</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ATTACHED-TO>Nova Scotia Museum</ATTACHED-TO>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">collns on archaeology, cultural history,
            ethnology, industrial history, marine history, natural history</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Laura</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Bennett</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
    </REGION>
    <REGION ID="CA.4.7" STATUS="STATE">
      <TITLE>Ontario</TITLE>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.4.7.13" TOWN="Kingston" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000257" UPDATED="05.04.2018"
        PREVRETURNS="18.05.2005; 17/08/01, 16.11.2007" RETURNED="18.03.2016" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Agnes Etherington Art Centre</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Mark H. Badham<EMAIL>badham@geol.queensu.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>Queen's Univ., 36 University Ave, <CITY>Kingston</CITY>, ON
                <POSTCODE>K7L 3N6</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(613) 533-2190</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>aeac@queensu.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>agnes.queensu.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1957"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ATTACHED-TO> Queen&amp;rsquo;s Univ.</ATTACHED-TO>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">17,000 works incl. African art, Baroque-era
            paintings of the Dutch Golden Age, Canadian historical art, contemporary art</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Jan</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Allen</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chief Curator</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Alicia</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Boutilier</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.4.7.1" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000245" PREVUPDATES="01.02.2008, 13.02.2009"
        UPDATED="05.04.2018" PREVRETURNS="13.04.2010, 15.06.2006; 11.05.2005; 08.06.2007"
        RETURNED="14.04.2011" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Art Gallery of Hamilton</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Sarah Power, Man. of Marketing and Communications, <EMAIL>
              spower@artgalleryofhamilton.com</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>123 King St W, <CITY>Hamilton</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>L8P 4S8
              </POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(905) 527-6610</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@artgalleryofhamilton.com</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.artgalleryofhamilton.com</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1914"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">10,000 artworks in Canadian, contemporary and int.
            collns</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="2000"/> vols</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Shelley</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Falconer</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir for Exhibitions and Collns, and Sr Curator</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Tobi</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Bruce</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.4.7.2" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000246"
        PREVUPDATES="25.03.2008, 2.6.2009, 20.04.2016, 05.04.2018" UPDATED="15.06.2021"
        RETURNED="31.05.2005" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Art Gallery of Ontario (AGO)</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Public Affairs Assistant <EMAIL>pa_assistant@ago.net
            </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>317 Dundas St W, <CITY>Toronto</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>M5T
              1G4</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(416) 979-6648</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <WWW>www.ago.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1900"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">95,000 works incl. African, Canadian,
            contemporary, indigenous, European, modern art; Thomson colln incl. 2,000 Canadian and
            European works; 70,000 works in the photographic colln</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="380000"/> vols</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir and CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Stephan </FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Jost</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Deputy Dir and Chief Curator</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Julian</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Cox</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.4.7.11" TOWN="Ottawa" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000247"
        PREVUPDATES="10.07.2004, 13.02.2009" UPDATED="05.04.2018" RETURNED="12.02.2009" DP="NO"
        SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Canada Science and Technology Museum</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Sharon Babaian, Colln and Research, <EMAIL>
              sbabaian@techno-science.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>2421 Lancaster Rd, POB 9724, Station T, <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON
                <POSTCODE>K1G 5A3</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(613) 991-3044</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>contact@ingeniumcanada.org</EMAIL>
          <WWW>ingeniumcanada.org/scitech/index.php</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1967"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ATTACHED-TO> Ingenium</ATTACHED-TO>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">colln of 36,600 items</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="28000"/> vols, 3,300 rare books, 200 current periodicals, 1,200
              historic journals and magazines, 40,000 pieces of trade literature</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir-Gen.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Christina</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Tessier</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.202007091641.0001" INDEX="Y" UPDATED="09.07.2020" PREVRETURNS="22.02.2021"
        RETURNED="06.05.2022" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Canadian Canoe Museum</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">La Mus&amp;eacute;e Canadien du Canot</SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Rachelia Giardino, Marketing and Social Media Specialist, <EMAIL>
              rachelia.giardino@canoemuseum.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>2077 Ashburnham Dr., <CITY>Peterborough</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> K9L
                1P8</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(705) 748-9153</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@canoemuseum.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.canoemuseum.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1997"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">colln of 600 canoes, kayaks and paddled watercraft
            incl. dugouts of the First Nations of the Pacific NW, singular bark canoes of the
            Beothuk of Newfoundland; skin-on-frame kayaks, all-wood and canvas-covered craft;
            paddled watercraft from Paraguay and the Amazon</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Exec. Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Carolyn</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Hyslop</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Curator</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Jeremy</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Ward</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.4.7.3" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000248"
        PREVUPDATES="10/08/00, 10.07.2004, 05.04.2018" UPDATED="15.06.2021"
        PREVRETURNS="10.07.2006, 05.04.2007" RETURNED="18.01.2017" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Canadian Museum of Nature</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">Mus&amp;eacute;e Canadien de la Nature</SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Agn&amp;eacute;s Chartrand, Communications Officer, <EMAIL>
              achartrand@mus-nature.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>POB 3443, Station D, <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> K1P
                6P4</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="LOCATION" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>240 McLeod St, <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>K2P 2R1
              </POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(613) 566-4700</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>questions@mus-nature.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.nature.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1912"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">zoology colln incl. invertebrate colln of 1.9m.
            lots; vertebrate colln incl. fish colln of 63,650 lots; amphibian and reptile colln of
            38,000 lots; bird colln from 2,600 species; mammal colln of study skins, pelts, mounts
            and skeletons from 600 species; palaeobiology colln incl. vertebrate fossil colln of
            61,620 specimens; geological colln incl. mineral colln of 5,000 radioactive specimens,
            gem colln of 1,220 specimens </GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="36000"/> vols, 2,000 periodicals</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Meg</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Beckel</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Research and Collns</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Jeffery M.</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Saarela</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.4.7.4" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000249" PREVUPDATES="10.07.2004"
        UPDATED="05.04.2018"
        PREVRETURNS="21.01.2010, 08.06.2007, 27.04.2011, 17.04.2012, 22.01.2013, 27.01.2015, 22.02.2016, 15.03.2017"
        RETURNED="13.04.2018" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Collingwood Museum</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Melissa Shaw, Museum Asst,
            <EMAIL>mshaw@collingwood.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>45 St Paul St, POB 556, <CITY>Collingwood</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> L9Y
                4B2</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(705) 445-4811</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>museum@collingwood.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.collingwood.ca/museum</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1904"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">exhibits on shipbuilding heritage</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Supervisor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Susan</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Warner</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.4.7.5" TOWN="Hamilton" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000250" PREVUPDATES="10.07.2004"
        UPDATED="09.04.2018" RETURNED="26.04.2016" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Dundurn National Historic Site</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Kenda Capon, Museum Support Clerk <EMAIL>kenda.capon@hamilton.ca
            </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>610 York Blvd, <CITY>Hamilton</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>L8R 3H1
              </POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(905) 546-2872</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>dundurn@hamilton.ca</EMAIL>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">incl. Dundurn Castle, Hamilton Military Museum,
            Coach House and Kitchen Garden</GEN-INFO>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804091128.0001" INDEX="Y" UPDATED="09.04.2018" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Gardiner Museum</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>111 Queen&amp;rsquo;s Park, <CITY>Toronto</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> M5S
                2C7</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(416) 586-8080</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>mail@gardinermuseum.com</EMAIL>
          <WWW>gardinermuseum.com</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1984"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">colln of 4,000 objects incl. European porcelain,
            ceramic from the ancient Americas, Chinese porcelain, Japanese porcelain, and
            contemporary ceramics </GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">CEO and Exec. Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Kelvin</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Browne</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chief Curator</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Sequoia</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Miller </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.4.7.6" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000251" PREVUPDATES="10.04.2004"
        UPDATED="05.04.2018" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Jordan Historical Museum of the Twenty</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">
            <EMAIL>colonist@cogeco.ca</EMAIL>
          </CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>3800 Main St, <CITY>Jordan</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>L0R 1S0
              </POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(905) 562-5242</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>museum@lincoln.ca</EMAIL>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">www.jhmtva.com</GEN-INFO>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1953"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">incl. Fry House and the old Jordan School
            House</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chair.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Lloyd R.</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Haines</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.4.7.15" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000259" PREVUPDATES="27.03.2014"
        UPDATED="09.04.2018" RETURNED="13.01.2015" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Leacock Museum</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Jen Martynyshyn, Museum Co-ordinator
              <EMAIL>jennymartynyshyn@rogers.com </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>50 Museum Dr., <CITY>Orillia</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>L3V 6K5
              </POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(705) 326-5578</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>admin@leacockmuseum.com</EMAIL>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1957"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">summer home, correspondence, personal effects of
            Stephen Butler Leacock; MSS from 1869&amp;ndash;1944 focusing on Orillia, Lake Simcoe,
            Montr&amp;eacute;al</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Museum Co-ordinator</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Jenny</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Martynyshyn</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.4.7.7" TOWN="Ontario" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000252"
        PREVUPDATES="10.07.2004, 12.09.2017" UPDATED="05.04.2018" RETURNED="15.06.2006" DP="NO"
        SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Museum London</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Cydna Mercer, Head of Admin., <EMAIL>cmercer@museumlondon.ca
            </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>421 Ridout St N, <CITY>London</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>N6A 5H4
              </POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(519) 661-0333</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@museumlondon.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.museumlondon.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1989"/> by merger of London Regional Art Gallery and
              London Historical Museum</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">art colln of 5,000 regional and Canadian works;
            45,000 artefacts reflecting the history of the city of London</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Exec. Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <VERBATIM-NAME>Brian Meehan</VERBATIM-NAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.4.7.10" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000255"
        PREVUPDATES="31.05.2002, 05.04.2018, 04.05.2021" UPDATED="23.09.2022"
        PREVRETURNS="07.06.2004; 25.04.2005, 15.06.2006" RETURNED="25.01.2019" DP="NO"
        SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>National Gallery of Canada</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">Mus&amp;eacute;e des Beaux-Arts du Canada</SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Joanne Charette, Dir for Public Affairs <EMAIL>jcharette@gallery.ca
            </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>380 Sussex Dr., <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>K1N 9N4
              </POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(613) 990-1985</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@gallery.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.gallery.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1880"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">65,000 works of art incl. colln of Canadian art;
            contemporary art; European, American and Asian art; indigenous art; prints and drawings
            colln incl. 27,000 works on paper by Canadian, American and European artists</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="275000"/> vols, 58,000 auction catalogues, 95,000 microforms,
              76,000 documentation files, 362,000 study photographs, 203,000 slides, 1,000 linear m
              of institutional archives</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="ACTING">Dir and CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Angela</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Cassie</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.4.7.12" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000256" PREVUPDATES="11.07.2004, 29.5.2009"
        UPDATED="05.04.2018" PREVRETURNS="15.06.2006, 05.04.2007,15.02.2011" RETURNED="10.02.2012"
        DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Ontario Science Centre</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Valerie Hatten, Librarian <EMAIL>valerie.hatten@osc.on.ca
            </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>770 Don Mills Rd, <CITY>Toronto</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>M3C
                1T3</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(416) 696-1000</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>contact.centre@ontariosciencecentre.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.ontariosciencecentre.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1969"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">600 exhibits in all fields of science and
            technology</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="11000"/> vols</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Maurice</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Bitran </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.4.7.14" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000258"
        PREVUPDATES="10.06.2002, 18.5.2009, 09.04.2018" UPDATED="15.06.2021"
        PREVRETURNS="16.04.2012, 18.05.2015" RETURNED="20.04.2017" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Royal Ontario Museum</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Amanda Fruci, Communications Man., <EMAIL>amandaf@rom.on.ca
            </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>100 Queen&amp;rsquo;s Park, <CITY>Toronto</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> M5S
                2C6</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(416) 586-8000</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@rom.on.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.rom.on.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1914"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">colln of 12m. objects and specimens in the areas
            of contemporary art, world cultures, natural history</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="400000"/> vols; 150 journals</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Josh</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Basseches</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Deputy Dir for Collns and Research</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Lynda</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Hartigan</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.4.7.16" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000260" PREVUPDATES="12.07.2004, 09.04.2018"
        UPDATED="04.03.2022" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Tom Thomson Memorial Art Gallery</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">
            <EMAIL>feedback@owensound.ca</EMAIL>
          </CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>841 First Ave W, <CITY>Owen Sound</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> N4K
                4K4</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(519) 376-1932</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>ttag@tomthomson.org</EMAIL>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1967"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">Tom Thomson paintings, memorabilia; historic and
            contemporary art</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir and Curator</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Aidan</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Ware</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.4.7.17" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000261" PREVUPDATES="10/08/00, 12.07.2004"
        UPDATED="09.04.2018" RETURNED="06.03.2014" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Upper Canada Village</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>13740 County Rd 2, <CITY>Morrisburg</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> K0C
                1X0</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(613) 543-4328</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>getaway@parks.on.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.uppercanadavillage.com</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1961"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">40 historical bldgs incl. homes, functioning
            mills, trade workshops; depicts traditional farming techniques, ornamental gardens,
            traditional handicrafts, late 19th-century social life, music, religion, politics </GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="5000"/> vols</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Man.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Tracey</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Ogilby</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
    </REGION>
    <REGION ID="CA.4.8" STATUS="STATE">
      <TITLE>Prince Edward Island</TITLE>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.4.8.1" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000262" PREVUPDATES="31.05.2002, 12.07.2004"
        UPDATED="09.04.2018" RETURNED="12.04.2007" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Confederation Centre of the Arts</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">TanyaWiltshire, Communications Man., <EMAIL>
              twiltshire@confederationcentre.com</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>145 Richmond St, <CITY>Charlottetown</CITY>, PE <POSTCODE> C1A
                1J1</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(902) 628-1864</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>artgallery@confederationcentre.com</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.confederationcentre.com</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1964"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">nat. colln of 17,000 works of of art, artefacts
            and documents; Canadian art since 19th century: paintings, drawings, prints, sculpture,
            photography, digital media presentations; Robert Harris Archive</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Jessie</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Inman</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Art Gallery Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Kevin</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Rice</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.202011201250.0001" INDEX="Y" UPDATED="20.11.2020" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Prince Edward Island Museum and Heritage Foundation</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>2 Kent St, <CITY>Charlottetown</CITY>
              <POSTCODE>C1A 1M6 </POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(902) 368-6600</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>mhpei@gov.pe.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.peimuseum.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1983"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">postcard colln, historic maps of Prince Edward
            Island incl. atlases, books, images and documents; operates Elmira Railway Museum, Basin
            Head Fisheries Museum, Orwell Corner Historic Village and Agricultural Heritage Museum,
            Beaconsfield Historic House, Eptek Art and Culture Centre, Acadian Museum of Prince
            Edward Island, Green Park Shipbuilding Museum and Yeo House</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Exec. Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Matthew</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME> McRae</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
    </REGION>
    <REGION ID="CA.4.9" STATUS="STATE">
      <TITLE>Qu&amp;eacute;bec</TITLE>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.4.9.3" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000265"
        PREVUPDATES="17.08.2001; 12.07.2004, 23.03.2008, 09.04.2018" UPDATED="13.04.2021"
        PREVRETURNS="15.06.2006; 31.05.2005,23.04.2007, 23.01.2013, 18.03.2014"
        RETURNED="23.01.2018" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Canadian Museum of History</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">Mus&amp;eacute;e Canadien de l&amp;rsquo;Histoire</SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">St&amp;eacute;phanie Verner, Media Relations Officer, <EMAIL>
              stephanie.verner@historymuseum.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>100 Laurier St, <CITY>Gatineau</CITY>, QC <POSTCODE>K1A
              0M8</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(819) 776-7000</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>information@historymuseum.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.historymuseum.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1856"/> as Geological Museum, current name adopted
              2013</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">artefact colln of 3m. artefacts incl.
            archaeological specimens, aboriginal artwork, folk art, furniture, glass, porcelain,
            textiles; photographic colln of 1m. photographs since 19th century, audio-visual colln
            of 72,000 audio cassettes and 18,000 video cassettes</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="60000"/> vols, 2,000 journals</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="ACTING">Pres. and CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Caroline</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Dromaguet</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.4.9.2" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000264"
        PREVUPDATES="26.03.2008, 02.04.2009, 09.04.2018" UPDATED="12.03.2020"
        PREVRETURNS="02.07.2004,15.06.2006, 4.3.2010,06.03.2012, 14.01.2013, 28.04.2014, 12.02.2015, 14.01.2016"
        RETURNED="03.02.2017" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Centre Canadien d&amp;rsquo;Architecture</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">Canadian Centre for Architecture</SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Press Relations, <EMAIL>media@cca.qc.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>1920 rue Baile, <CITY>Montr&amp;eacute;al</CITY>, QC <POSTCODE> H3H
                2S6</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(514) 939-7026</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@cca.qc.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.cca.qc.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1979"/>, present status 1989</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">research centre and museum; colln of 200 full or
            project archives of architects and artists, 250,000 publications and periodicals,
            100,000 prints and drawings since late 15th century, 65,000 photographs since 1840,
            artefacts incl. bldg blocks, games, postcards; 3,500 pieces of architectural printed
            ephemera from Europe and N America from 19th and 20th centuries</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="247200"/> monographs, 5,000 periodicals; 1,500 bibliographies,
              200 terminology dictionaries in reference colln; 1,200 books, 1,200 periodical issues
              and 1,000 ephemeral items in Frank Lloyd Wright colln</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Founding Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Phyllis</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Lambert</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Giovanna</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Borasi</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.1.8.1" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000034" UPDATED="09.04.2018"
        PREVRETURNS="09.06.2004, 04.05.2010" RETURNED="18.01.2021" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Ch&amp;acirc;teau Ramezay&amp;mdash;Historic Site and Museum of Montr&amp;eacute;al </TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">Ch&amp;acirc;teau Ramezay&amp;mdash;Mus&amp;eacute;e et Site Historique de
            Montr&amp;eacute;al</SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Christine Brisson, Head of Collections and Exhibitions, <EMAIL>
              cbrisson@chateauramezay.qc.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>280 Notre Dame E, <CITY>Montr&amp;eacute;al</CITY>, QC <POSTCODE> H2Y
                1C5</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(514) 861-3708</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@chateauramezay.qc.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.chateauramezay.qc.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1895"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">colln incl. 2,000 drawings, prints, paintings
            representing Canadian landscapes and people; Amerindian ethnological colln of 700
            objects; Qu&amp;eacute;bec ethnological colln of 2,000 objects; numismatic colln of
            8,000 items; photographic colln of 2,000 photographs</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="13000"/> vols, 4,000 MSS</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Exec. Dir and Curator</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Andr&amp;eacute; J.</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Delisle</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.4.9.4" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000266" PREVUPDATES="12.07.2004,25.03.2008"
        UPDATED="09.04.2018" RETURNED="04.02.2014" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Insectarium de Montr&amp;eacute;al</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">Montr&amp;eacute;al Insectarium</SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>4581 rue Sherbrooke Est, <CITY>Montr&amp;eacute;al</CITY>, QC
                <POSTCODE> H1X 2B2</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(514) 868-3000</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>insectarium@ville.montreal.qc.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>espacepourlavie.ca/insectarium</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1990"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ATTACHED-TO> Espace pour la Vie</ATTACHED-TO>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">colln of 250,000 specimens of living and
            naturalized insects, anthills, vivariums; also does research</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Anne </FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Charpentier</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.4.9.5" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000267"
        PREVUPDATES="17.08.2001;22/08/00, 12.07.2004" UPDATED="09.04.2018"
        PREVRETURNS="05.05.2005, 21.07.2006" RETURNED="10.05.2017" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>McCord Museum</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">Mus&amp;eacute;e McCord</SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="Y">Nadia Martineau, Adviser, Public Relations <EMAIL>
              info.mccord@mccord-stewart.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>2175 rue Victoria, <CITY>Montr&amp;eacute;al</CITY>, QC <POSTCODE> H3A
                2A3</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>690 rue Sherbrooke W, <CITY>Montr&amp;eacute;al</CITY>, QC <POSTCODE>
                H3A 1E9</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(514) 861-6701</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info.mccord@mccord-stewart.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.musee-mccord.qc.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1921"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">colln of 6,110 artefacts and 5.55 linear m of
            textual documents illustrating history of Canadian society built by 3 founding nations:
            the First Peoples, the French, the English</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Suzanne</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Sauvage</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.4.9.1" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000263" PREVUPDATES="17.08.2001, 12.07.2004"
        UPDATED="09.04.2018" RETURNED="20.07.2006" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Montr&amp;eacute;al Biod&amp;ocirc;me</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Lydia Poirier <EMAIL>lydiapoirier@ville.montreal.qc.ca
            </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>4777 ave Pierre-de-Coubertin, <CITY>Montr&amp;eacute;al,</CITY> QC
                <POSTCODE> H1V 1B3</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(514) 868-3000</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>biodome@ville.montreal.qc.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.espacepourlavie.ca/en/biodome</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1992"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ATTACHED-TO> Espace pour la Vie</ATTACHED-TO>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">museum of the environment; contains 250 animal
            species, 500 plant species in 5 ecosystems found in the Americas; also does research on
            conserving biodiversity, urban animal issues</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Rachel</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>L&amp;eacute;ger</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.4.9.6" TOWN="" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000268"
        PREVUPDATES="31.05.2002, 10/08/00, 18.5.2009, 09.04.2018" UPDATED="20.11.2020"
        PREVRETURNS="17.08.2001; 01.06.2004, 25.04.2005, 03.04.2013" RETURNED="01.04.2014" DP="NO"
        SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Montr&amp;eacute;al Museum of Fine Arts</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Library, <EMAIL>biblio@mbamtl.org</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="CONTACT" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>POB 3000, Station H, <CITY>Montr&amp;eacute;al</CITY>, QC <POSTCODE>
                H3G 2T9</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>1380 Sherbrooke St W, <CITY>Montr&amp;eacute;al</CITY>, QC <POSTCODE>
                H3G 1J5</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(514) 285-2000</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>web@mbamtl.org</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.mbam.qc.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1860"/> as the Art Assoc. of Montr&amp;eacute;al, current
              name adopted 1950</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">colln of 41,000 works since Antiquity incl.
            paintings, sculptures, graphic arts, photographs, decorative art objects </GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT>90,000 monographs, 68,000 auction catalogues, 20,000 files on Canadian
              artists, 930 serial publications</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>St&amp;eacute;phane</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Aquin</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.4.9.7" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000269"
        PREVUPDATES="18.03.2008, 17.08.2001; 12.07.2004, 18.5.2009, 09.04.2018" UPDATED="15.06.2021"
        PREVRETURNS="21.02.2011, 23.04.2012, 16.04.2014" RETURNED="17.04.2014" DP="NO"
        SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Mus&amp;eacute;e d&amp;rsquo;Art Contemporain de Montr&amp;eacute;al (MAC)</TITLE>
          <TRANS INDEX="1">Museum of Contemporary Art of Montreal</TRANS>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Sabina Rak, Communications Technician <EMAIL>sabina.rak@macm.org
            </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>185 rue St Catherine St W, <CITY>Montr&amp;eacute;al</CITY>, QC
                <POSTCODE>H2X 3X5</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(514) 847-6226</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@macm.org</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.macm.org</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1964"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">colln of 8,000 works</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="38000"/> vols and exhibition catalogues, 710 periodicals, 8,000
              visual archives, 1,000 video cassettes and audio items, 12,000 artists&amp;rsquo;
              files and bibliographic database</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir and Chief Curator</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>John</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Zeppetelli</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.4.9.8" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000270" UPDATED="07.03.2022"
        PREVRETURNS="15.06.2006; 01.07.2004; 30.06.2005; 16.04.2007" RETURNED="15.04.2010" DP="NO"
        SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Mus&amp;eacute;e de l&amp;rsquo;Am&amp;eacute;rique Francophone</TITLE>
          <TRANS INDEX="1">Museum of French America</TRANS>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Linda
            B&amp;eacute;langer<EMAIL>libelanger@mcq.org</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>2 C&amp;ocirc;te de la Fabrique, <CITY>Qu&amp;eacute;bec City</CITY>,
              QC <POSTCODE>G1R 3V6</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(418) 643-2158</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>renseignements@mcq.org</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.mcq.org</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1806"/>, as Mus&amp;eacute;e du S&amp;eacute;minaire de
              Qu&amp;eacute;bec, renamed Mus&amp;eacute;e de l'Am&amp;eacute;rique
              Fran&amp;ccedil;aise 1993, current name adopted 2013</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ATTACHED-TO>Mus&amp;eacute;e de la Civilisation complex</ATTACHED-TO>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">chapel with historical relics of
            Qu&amp;eacute;bec&amp;rsquo;s religious heritage; Ronald Chabot colln of 7,500 store
            catalogues; archival holdings </GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="180000"/> vols</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Museum Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Stephan</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>La Roche</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Archives Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Pierre</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Bail</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.4.9.9" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000271" PREVUPDATES="09.04.2018"
        UPDATED="15.06.2021" RETURNED="07.07.2004" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Mus&amp;eacute;e National des Beaux-Arts du Qu&amp;eacute;bec</TITLE>
          <TRANS INDEX="1">National Museum of Fine Arts of Qu&amp;eacute;bec</TRANS>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Collns Management, <EMAIL>collections@mnbaq.org</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>Parc des Champs de Bataille, <CITY>Qu&amp;eacute;bec</CITY>, QC
                <POSTCODE>G1R 5H3</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="LOCATION" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>179 Grande All&amp;eacute;e Ouest, <CITY>Qu&amp;eacute;bec</CITY>, QC
                <POSTCODE>G1R 2H1</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(418) 643-2150</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@mnbaq.org</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.mnbaq.org</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1933"/>, present status 1983</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">40,000 works of art since 17th century incl.
            paintings, sculptures, drawings, prints, photographs, decorative art objects, interior
            design pieces</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT>13,000 biographical files</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Man. Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Jean-Luc</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Murray</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir for Collns and Exhibitions</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Annie</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Gauthier</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.4.9.11" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000273"
        PREVUPDATES="12.07.2004, 31.05.2002, 18.5.2009" UPDATED="09.04.2018"
        PREVRETURNS="17/08/01, 16.06.2008, 06.04.2011" RETURNED="26.02.2021" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Redpath Museum</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Caroline LeBlond, Admin. Asst, <EMAIL>caroline.leblond@mcgill.ca
            </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>859 Sherbrooke St W, <CITY>Montr&amp;eacute;al</CITY>, QC<POSTCODE>
                H3A 0C4</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(514) 398-4086</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>redpath.museum@mcgill.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.mcgill.ca/redpath</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1882"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ATTACHED-TO> McGill Univ.</ATTACHED-TO>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">palaeontology colln of 150,000 specimens, mineral
            colln of 20,000 specimens, zoological colln of 10,000 vertebrate and 14,000 invertebrate
            specimens</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Assoc. Prof.</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Hans</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME> Larsson</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804091734.0001" INDEX="Y" UPDATED="09.04.2018" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Rio Tinto Alcan Planetarium</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>4801 Ave Pierre-De Coubertin, <CITY>Montr&amp;eacute;al </CITY>, QC
                <POSTCODE>H1V 3V4</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(514) 868-3000</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <WWW>www.espacepourlavie.ca/en/planetarium</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1966"/> as Dow Planetarium, renamed Montr&amp;eacute;al
              Planetarium, present name and status 2013</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ATTACHED-TO> Espace pour la Vie</ATTACHED-TO>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">exhibits on space and astronomy; artwork incl. van
            der Heide sundial, Ingot by Slater, statue of Copernicus, digital artwork</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Pierre</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Lacombe</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
    </REGION>
    <REGION ID="CA.4.10" STATUS="STATE">
      <TITLE>Saskatchewan</TITLE>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.4.10.1" TOWN="Regina" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000274"
        PREVUPDATES="12.07.2004, 3.6.2009, 09.04.2018, 31.08.2020" UPDATED="04.03.2022"
        PREVRETURNS="02.08.2006;11.06.2007" RETURNED="12.04.2010" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>MacKenzie Art Gallery</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Krysta Mitchell, Admin. Asst,
              <EMAIL>krysta.mitchell@mackenzieartgallery.ca </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>3475 Albert St, <CITY>Regina</CITY>, SK <POSTCODE>S4S 6X6
              </POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(306) 522-4250</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@mackenzieartgallery.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.mackenzieartgallery.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1953"/>, present status 1990</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">4,000 artworks incl. Canadian historical and
            contemporary art, 19th and 20th century European works on paper</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="3500"/> vols</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Exec. Dir and CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>John G.</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Hampton</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Head Curator</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Timothy</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Long</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.4.10.3" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000276" PREVUPDATES="12.07.2004, 18.5.2009"
        UPDATED="11.04.2018" PREVRETURNS="22.11.2007, 21/01/2010,19.02.2011, 02.05.2012, 09.02.2016"
        RETURNED="04.02.2017" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Mus&amp;eacute;e Ukraina Museum</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Eileen Bunko, Pres., </CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>222 Ave M South, POB 26072, <CITY>Saskatoon</CITY>, SK <POSTCODE> S7K
                8C1</POSTCODE>
            </VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(306) 244-4212</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>ukrainamuseum@sasktel.net</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.mumsaskatoon.com</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1953"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">20,000 items incl. ethnographic collns
            representing the spiritual, material and folkloric culture of Ukraine</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Eileen</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Bunko</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.4.10.4" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000277" PREVUPDATES="06.02.2008, 02.04.2009"
        UPDATED="11.04.2018"
        PREVRETURNS="19.06.2006; 17.05.2004,08.06.2007, 14.04.2010; 4.3.2010,19.01.2011, 30.01.2012, 18.04.2012, 08.01.2013, 29.04.2014, 26.01.2015, 12.02.2016"
        RETURNED="17.01.2017" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Prince Albert Historical Museum</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Michelle Taylor, Man./Curator</CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>10 River St E, <CITY>Prince Albert</CITY>, SK <POSTCODE> S6V
                8A9</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(306) 764-2992</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>historypa@citypa.com</EMAIL>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1923"/> as Prince Albert Historical Soc.</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">consists of Diefenbaker House Museum, Evolution of
            Education Museum, Rotary Museum of Police and Corrections</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT>12,000 photographs, 300,000 negatives, 15,000 documents, 400 maps relating to
              Prince Albert housed in Bill Smiley Archive</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Man. and Curator</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Michelle</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Taylor</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.4.10.2" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000275"
        PREVUPDATES="12.07.2004, 25.03.2008, 11.04.2018, 12.04.2019" UPDATED="15.06.2021" DP="NO"
        SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Remai Modern</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Stephanie McKay, Communications Man., <EMAIL>smckay@remaimodern.org
            </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>POB 569, <CITY>Saskatoon</CITY>, SK <POSTCODE>S7K
              3L6</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="LOCATION" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>102 Spadina Crescent E, <CITY>Saskatoon</CITY>, SK <POSTCODE> S7K
                0L3</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(306) 975-7610</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@remaimodern.org</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.remaimodern.org</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="2017"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">modern art colln of 8,000 artworks since 1900; 406
            linocuts, ceramic works by Pablo Picasso</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="10000"/> vols</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Co-Exec. Dir and CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Aileen</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Burns</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Co-Exec. Dir and CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Johan</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Lundh</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chief Curator</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Michelle</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Jacques </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.4.10.5" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000278" PREVUPDATES="10/08/00, 12.07.2004"
        UPDATED="15.06.2021" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Royal Saskatchewan Museum</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>2445 Albert St, <CITY>Regina</CITY>, SK <POSTCODE>S4P 4W7
              </POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(306) 787-2815</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@royalsaskmuseum.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.royalsaskmuseum.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1906"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">scientific and heritage colln of 9,000 birds,
            7,000 plants, 3,000 mammals, 350 fish, 600 reptiles, 125,000 insects, 4,000 arachnids,
            37,500 fossils, 3m. First Nations artefacts; br. in Eastend, SK</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Peter</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Menzies</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.4.10.6" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000279" PREVUPDATES="22/08/00, 24.04.2009"
        UPDATED="11.04.2018" PREVRETURNS="15.06.2006, 23.04.2009, 10.5.2010,02.03.2011, 20.01.2012"
        RETURNED="08.01.2013" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Western Development Museum</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Kerry Lubchenko, Dir for Marketing, <EMAIL>klubchenko@wdm.ca
            </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>2610 Lorne Ave, <CITY>Saskatoon</CITY>, SK <POSTCODE>S7J
                0S6</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(306) 931-1910</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@wdm.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.wdm.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1949"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">colln of 80,000 artefacts; human history museum;
            locations in Moose Jaw, North Battleford, Saskatoon and Yorkton; Curatorial Centre in
            Saskatoon </GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="15000"/> historical vols, maps, photographs</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Joan</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Kanigan</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Curator</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Elizabeth</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Scott</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
    </REGION>
  </MG-GRP>
  <UC-GRP ID="CA.5">
    <SUB-UC ID="CA.5.1">
      <TITLE>Universities</TITLE>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.1.1" TOWN="" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000280"
        PREVUPDATES="15.07.2004, 13.4.2009, 07.07.2017, 23.11.2017, 27.03.2018, 31.07.2019"
        UPDATED="07.05.2021" PREVRETURNS="20.04.2012" RETURNED="25.01.2019" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Acadia University</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Susan Martin, Admin Sec.
            <EMAIL>susan.martin@acadiau.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>15 University Ave, <CITY>Wolfville</CITY>, NS <POSTCODE> B4P
                2R6</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(902) 542-2201</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>admissions@acadiau.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www2.acadiau.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1838"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
          <ACAD-YEAR>
            <FROM-MONTH MONTH="SEPTEMBER"/>
            <TO-MONTH MONTH="APRIL"/>
          </ACAD-YEAR>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Libby</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Burnham</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and Vice-Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Peter J.</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Ricketts </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Acad. and Provost</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Dale</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Keefe</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Advancement</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Rod</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Morrison </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Finance and Admin. and Chief Financial Officer</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Christopher</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Callbeck</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Registrar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Mark</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Bishop</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Univ. Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Daphne</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Flanagan</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT>see under Libraries and Archives</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT>
              <TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="250"/>
            </TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT>
              <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="3760"/>
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING">Faculty of Arts</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Laura</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Robinson </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Professional Studies</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Corinne</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Haigh </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING">Faculty of Science</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Jeff</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Hooper </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Theology</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Harry</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Gardner </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Research and Graduate Studies</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Anna</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Redden </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.201804191152.0001" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="" UPDATED="19.04.2018"
        PREVRETURNS="" RETURNED="" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Adler University, Vancouver</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>520 Seymour St, <CITY>Vancouver</CITY>, BC <POSTCODE>V6B
                3J5</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(236) 521-2500</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>vanadmissions@adler.edu</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.adler.edu/page/campuses/vancouver</WWW>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: private</CONTROL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Exec. Dean</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Bradley</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>O&amp;rsquo;Hara</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Alexandra</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Dobre</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.201912021102.0001" INDEX="Y" UPDATED="02.12.2019" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Alberta University of the Arts</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>1407&amp;ndash;14 Ave NW, <CITY>Calgary</CITY>, AB <POSTCODE> T2N
                4R3</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(403) 284-7600</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>registrar@auarts.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.auarts.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1926"/>, fmrly known as Alberta College of Art and
              Design, present status 2019</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">schools of communication design, craft and
            emerging media, critical and creative studies, visual art</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Daniel</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Doz</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Acad. Affairs and Provost</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Andr&amp;eacute;</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME> Plante</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Admin.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Jill</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Brown</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Advancement</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Jamie</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Leong-Huxley</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Library Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Rene</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Martin</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="25000"/> vols</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT>
              <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="1230"/>
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
        </BLOCK>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.201402281719.0001" INDEX="Y"
        PREVUPDATES="28.02.2014, 26.02.2015, 19.01.2016, 23.11.2017, 08.02.2018, 29.03.2018, 16.12.2020"
        UPDATED="25.01.2022" PREVRETURNS="08.06.2007, 27.05.2013" RETURNED="22.01.2020" DP="NO"
        SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Algoma University</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">
            <EMAIL>communications@algomau.ca</EMAIL>
          </CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>1520 Queen St E, <CITY>Sault Ste Marie</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> P6A
                2G4</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(705) 949-2301</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@algomau.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.algomau.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1965"/> as Algoma Univ. College, present name and status
              2008</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
          <LANGUAGE>
            <SPOKEN LANG="English"/>
          </LANGUAGE>
          <ACAD-YEAR>
            <FROM-MONTH MONTH="SEPTEMBER"/>
            <TO-MONTH MONTH="APRIL"/>
          </ACAD-YEAR>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">campuses in Brampton, South Porcupine</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Mario</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Turco</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and Vice-Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Asima C.</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Vezina</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Acad. and Research, and Acad. Dean</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Donna</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Rogers </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Finance and Operations</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Shannon</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Brooks</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Registrar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>David</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Marasco</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="124850"/> vols, 436,900 ebooks, 129,430 ejournals</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT>
              <TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="60"/>
            </TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT>
              <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="1400"/>
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
        </BLOCK>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.201803211659.0001" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="" UPDATED="21.03.2018"
        PREVRETURNS="" RETURNED="" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Ambrose University</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>150 Ambrose Circle SW, <CITY>Calgary</CITY>, AB <POSTCODE> T3H
                0L5</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(403) 410-2000</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>enrolment@ambrose.edu</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.ambrose.edu</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="2007"/>, by merger of Alliance Univ. College and Nazarene
              Univ. College</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Roland K.</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Laing</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Gordon T.</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Smith</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Acad. Affairs</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Pam</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Nordstrom</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Advancement</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Christopher</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Primeau</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Finance</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Don</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Vander Zwaag</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Student Devt</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Wally</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Rude</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Registrar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Bev</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Ross</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir of Library Services</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>H. D.</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Ayer</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="125000"/> vols, 180 magazines and journals</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT>
              <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="920"/>
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Arts and Science</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Linda</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Schwartz</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Theology</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Jo-Ann</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Badley</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.5.1.3" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000282"
        PREVUPDATES="05.06.2002, 01.06.2009, 10.07.2014, 26.02.2015, 19.01.2016, 03.11.2016, 20.03.2018, 09.11.2020, 26.02.2021, 30.04.2021, 05.01.2022"
        UPDATED="04.03.2022" PREVRETURNS="26.04.2005" RETURNED="30.04.2009" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Athabasca University</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Marilyn Bittorf, Public Affairs <EMAIL>marilynb@athabascau.ca
            </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>1 University Dr., <CITY>Athabasca</CITY>, AB <POSTCODE> T9S
                3A3</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(780) 675-6100</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>enrol@athabascau.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.athabascau.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1970"/>, present status 1978</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">campuses in Calgary, Edmonton</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Prof.</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Peter</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Scott </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Provost and Vice-Pres. for Acad.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Matthew</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Prineas </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Finance and Admin.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Estelle</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Lo</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for IT and Chief Information Officer</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Jennifer Griffin</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Schaeffer</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Univ. Relations</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Kristine</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Williamson</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Registrar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Richard</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>MacLeod</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir of Library Services</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Elaine</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Fabbro</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="150000"/> vols, 200,000 ebooks, 65,000 journals</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT>
              <TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="1000"/>
            </TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT>
              <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="40000"/>
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Business</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Deborah</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Hurst </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Graduate Studies</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Pamela</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Hawranik </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Health Disciplines</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Prof. Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Alex</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME> Clark</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Veronica</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Thompson </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Science and Technology</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Shauna</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Reckseidler-Zenteno </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.201804201134.0001" TOWN="" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="" UPDATED="20.04.2018"
        PREVRETURNS="" RETURNED="" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Atlantic School of Theology</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>660 Francklyn St, <CITY>Halifax</CITY>, NS <POSTCODE>B3H
                3B5</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(902) 430-7580</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>academic@astheology.ns.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.astheology.ns.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1971"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ATTACHED-TO> Saint Mary's Univ.</ATTACHED-TO>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: private</CONTROL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Rev.</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Neale</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Bennet </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Acad. Dean</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Rev. Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Rob</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Fennell </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Registrar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Cynthia</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Thomson</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Library Chair.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Robert</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Martel</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="90000"/> vols</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT>
              <TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="20"/>
            </TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT>
              <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="130"/>
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
        </BLOCK>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.5.1.5" TOWN="" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000284"
        PREVUPDATES="10/08/00, 17/08/01, 04.09.2014, 05.04.2018, 06.09.2021" UPDATED="01.10.2021"
        PREVRETURNS="31.05.2002, 03.05.2005" RETURNED="13.5.2010" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Bishop&amp;rsquo;s University</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>2600 College St, <CITY>Sherbrooke</CITY>, QC <POSTCODE> J1M
                1Z7</POSTCODE>
            </VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(819) 822-9600</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>admissions@ubishops.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.ubishops.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1843"/> as Bishop&amp;rsquo;s College, present name and
              status 1853</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: private</CONTROL>
          <LANGUAGE>
            <SPOKEN LANG="English"/>
          </LANGUAGE>
          <ACAD-YEAR>
            <FROM-MONTH MONTH="SEPTEMBER"/>
            <TO-MONTH MONTH="MAY"/>
          </ACAD-YEAR>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Brian</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Levitt</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Prin. and Vice-Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Michael</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Goldbloom</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Prin. for Acad.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Miles</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Turnbull </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Prin. for Finance and Admin.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Isabelle</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Goyette</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Registrar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Hans</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Rouleau</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Univ. Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Catherine</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Lavallee-Welch</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT>
              <TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="120"/>
            </TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT>
              <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="2790"/>
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Arts and Sciences</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Prof. Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Michele</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME> Murray</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
                <POSITION>Dean for Arts</POSITION>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Arts and Sciences</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Prof. Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Kerry </FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME> Hull</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
                <POSITION>Dean for Science</POSITION>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">School of Education</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Marie-Jos&amp;eacute;e</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Berger</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Williams School of Business</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Francine</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Turmel</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.5.1.6" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000285"
        PREVUPDATES="08.10.2003, 26.05.2009, 19.01.2015, 09.03.2015, 13.02.2018, 23.03.2018, 01.07.2019, 31.07.2019, 09.08.2021"
        UPDATED="09.12.2021" PREVRETURNS="21.04.2009, 08.04.2013" RETURNED="05.03.2015" DP="NO"
        SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Brandon University</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Kristen Fisher, Administrative Officer</CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>270, 18th St, <CITY>Brandon</CITY>, MB <POSTCODE>R7A 6A9
              </POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(204) 728-9520</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>admissions@brandonu.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.brandonu.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1899"/> as Brandon College, present name and status
              1967</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
          <LANGUAGE>
            <SPOKEN LANG="English"/>
          </LANGUAGE>
          <ACAD-YEAR>
            <FROM-MONTH MONTH="SEPTEMBER"/>
            <TO-MONTH MONTH="APRIL"/>
          </ACAD-YEAR>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Michael</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Decter</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and Vice-Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>David</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Docherty </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Provost and Vice-Pres. for Acad.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Kofi</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Campbell </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Admin. and Finance</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Scott J. B.</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Lamont</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dean for Students</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Katie</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Gross</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Univ. Registrar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Andrea</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>McDaniel</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Univ. Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Betty</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Braaksma</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT><TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="210"/>(full- and part-time)</TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT><STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="3000"/> (full- and part-time)</STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
          <PUB-GRP>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Canadian Journal of Native Studies</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>2 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Journal of Rural and Community Development</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>2 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
          </PUB-GRP>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING">Faculty of Arts</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Balfour</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Spence </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Education</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Heather</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Duncan </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Graduate Studies</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Demetrios</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Tryphonopoulos </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Health Studies</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>W. Dean</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Care </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Science</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Bernadette</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME> Ardelli</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">School of Music</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Greg</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Gatien</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.5.1.8" TOWN="St Catharines" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000287"
        PREVUPDATES="08.10.2003, 02.06.2014, 08.07.2015, 11.12.2015, 26.08.2016, 20.10.2016, 10.11.2017, 29.03.2018, 07.07.2020, 21.08.2020, 23.11.2020, 16.07.2021, 04.03.2022"
        UPDATED="07.02.2023" PREVRETURNS="02.08.2006, 22.06.2004; 03.06.2005 , 08.06.2007"
        RETURNED="31.03.2011" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Brock University</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>1812 Sir Isaac Brock Way, <CITY>St Catharines</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>
                L2S 3A1</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(905) 688-5550</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>admissions@brocku.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.brocku.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1964"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
          <ACAD-YEAR>
            <FROM-MONTH MONTH="SEPTEMBER"/>
            <TO-MONTH MONTH="APRIL"/>
          </ACAD-YEAR>
          <LANGUAGE>
            <SPOKEN LANG="English"/>
          </LANGUAGE>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">campus in Hamilton; incl. Marilyn I. Walker School
            of Fine and Performing Arts</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Hilary</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Pearson</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and Vice-Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Lesley</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Rigg </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Provost and Vice-Pres. for Acad.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Lynn</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Wells</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Admin.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Ken</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Chan</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Research</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Tim</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Kenyon</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Registrar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Barb</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Davis</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Univ. Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Mark</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Robertson</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT>2.1m. vols</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT>
              <TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="590"/>
            </TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT>
              <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="18000"/>
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Applied Health Sciences</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Peter</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Tiidus</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Education</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Michael</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Owen</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Graduate Studies</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Suzanne Lea</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Curtin</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Humanities</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Carol</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Merriam</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Mathematics and Science</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Ejaz</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Ahmed</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Social Sciences</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Ingrid</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Makus</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Goodman School of Business</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Andrew</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Gaudes</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.201703141424.0001" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="14.03.2017" UPDATED="21.03.2018"
        RETURNED="24.04.2018" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Burman University</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Christina Lister, Office Man.</CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>6730 University Dr., <CITY>Lacombe</CITY>, AB <POSTCODE> T4L
                2E5</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(403) 782-3381</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@burmanu.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.burmanu.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1907"/>, present name and status 2014</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">also schools of business, education</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Loren</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Agrey</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Acad. Admin.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Noble</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Donkor</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Financial Admin.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Darrell</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Huether</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Marketing and Enrolment</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>J. R.</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Ferrer</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Student Services</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Stacy</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Hunter</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Registrar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Lawrence</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Murrin</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Sheila</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Clark</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Arts and Social Sciences</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Prof.</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>John</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>McDowell </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Science</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Prof.</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Bruce</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Buttler </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.5.1.10" TOWN="" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000289"
        PREVUPDATES="17.08.2001, 06.06.2002, 08.02.2018, 27.03.2018, 18.05.2018, 02.11.2021, 04.03.2022"
        UPDATED="15.07.2022"
        PREVRETURNS="08.06.2007, 23.06.2005; 26.04.2004, 15.04.2011, 16.01.2012, 21.02.2014, 05.03.2014, 24.02.2016, 09.01.2020"
        RETURNED="06.01.2022" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Cape Breton University</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Bilynda Whiting, Dir Enrolment Services <EMAIL>
              bilynda_whiting@cbu.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>1250 Grand Lake Rd, POB 5300, <CITY>Sydney</CITY>, NS <POSTCODE>B1P
                6L2</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(902) 539-5300</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>internationaladmissions@cbu.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.cbu.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1974"/> as Univ. College of Cape Breton</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
          <LANGUAGE>
            <SPOKEN LANG="English"/>
          </LANGUAGE>
          <ACAD-YEAR>
            <FROM-MONTH MONTH="SEPTEMBER"/>
            <TO-MONTH MONTH="APRIL"/>
          </ACAD-YEAR>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Annette</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Verschuren</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and Vice-Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>David C.</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Dingwall</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Acad. and Provost</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Richard</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>MacKinnon </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Finance and Operations</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Gordon</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>MacInnis</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Registrar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Brendan</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>MacDonald</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dean for Library and Multicultural Learning</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Shawn</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Bethke</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="532290"/> vols, 800 periodicals</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT>
              <TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="150"/>
            </TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT>
              <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="5500"/>
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">School of Arts and Social Sciences</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Andy</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Parnaby </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">School of Education and Health</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Carolin</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Kreber </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">School of Science and Technology</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Rick</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Pierrynowski </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Shannon School of Business</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>John P.</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Nadeau</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Unama&amp;rsquo;ki College</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Laurianne</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Sylvester</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.201709041747.0001" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="04.09.2017, 22.03.2018, 18.11.2020"
        UPDATED="19.11.2020" PREVRETURNS="" RETURNED="" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Capilano University</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Victoria Miles, Dir of Communications and Marketing <EMAIL>
              victoriamiles3@capilanou.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>2055 Purcell Way, <CITY>North Vancouver</CITY>, BC <POSTCODE> V7J
                3H5</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(604) 986-1911</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>admissions@capilanou.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.capilanou.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1968"/>, present name and status 2008</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">campuses in Sechelt, Squamish</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>David T.</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Fung</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and Vice-Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Paul</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Dangerfield</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="ACTING">Vice-Pres. for Acad. and Provost</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Chris</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Bottrill</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Finance and Admin.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Debbie</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Carter</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Registrar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Karen</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>McCredie</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Univ. Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Debbie</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Schachter</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT>
              <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="11600"/>
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
          <PUB-GRP>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>The Capilano Review</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>3 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
          </PUB-GRP>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Arts and Sciences</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Julia</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Denholm</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Business and Professional Studies </SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Dennis</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Silvestrone </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Education, Health and Human Development </SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Brad</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Martin</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING">Faculty of Fine and Applied Arts</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Chris</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Bottril</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING">Faculty of Global and Community Studies</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Brad</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Martin</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.5.1.11" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000290"
        PREVUPDATES="07.06.2002, 26.02.2015, 16.12.2015, 02.08.2017, 29.03.2018, 14.08.2018, 21.08.2018, 31.07.2019, 20.08.2019, 14.08.2020, 21.09.2020"
        UPDATED="04.03.2022" RETURNED="27.04.2004" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Carleton University</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>1125 Colonel By Dr., <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> K1S
                5B6</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(613) 520-2600</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>registrar@carleton.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.carleton.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1942"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
          <LANGUAGE>
            <SPOKEN LANG="English"/>
          </LANGUAGE>
          <ACAD-YEAR>
            <FROM-MONTH MONTH="SEPTEMBER"/>
            <TO-MONTH MONTH="MAY"/>
          </ACAD-YEAR>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">also schools of architecture and urbanism,
            computer science, industrial design, information technology</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Yaprak</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Baltacio&amp;gbreve;lu</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and Vice-Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Benoit-Antoine</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME> Bacon</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Provost and Vice-Pres. for Acad.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Jerry</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Tomberlin</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Finance and Admin.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Michel</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Pich&amp;eacute;</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Research and Int.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Rafik</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Goubran</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Students and Enrolment, and Univ. Registrar </JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Suzanne</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Blanchard</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Univ. Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Amber</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Lannon</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT>see under Libraries and Archives</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT>
              <TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="880"/>
            </TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT><STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="29570"/> (25,530 undergraduate, 4,040
              graduate)</STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Arts and Social Sciences</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Pauline</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Rankin</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Engineering and Design</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Larry</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Kostiuk </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Graduate and Postdoctoral Affairs </SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Patrice</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Smith</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Public Affairs</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Brenda</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>O&amp;rsquo;Neill</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING">Faculty of Science</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Maria</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>DeRosa</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Sprott School of Business</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Dana</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Brown</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.5.1.12" TOWN="Montreal" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000291"
        PREVUPDATES="25/06/2004, 17.06.2009, 03.09.2014, 26.02.2015, 19.01.2016, 07.02.2017, 05.04.2018, 03.06.2020, 06.07.2020, 05.08.2020, 03.09.2021, 04.03.2022"
        UPDATED="02.09.2022" PREVRETURNS="14.07.2004" RETURNED="20.06.2005" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Concordia University</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">Universit&amp;eacute; Concordia</SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>Sir George Williams Campus, 1455 de Maisonneuve Blvd W, <CITY>
                Montr&amp;eacute;al</CITY>, QC <POSTCODE>H3G 1M8</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(514) 848-2424</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <WWW>www.concordia.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1974"/> by merger of Sir George Williams Univ. and Loyola
              College</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
          <LANGUAGE>
            <SPOKEN LANG="English"/>
          </LANGUAGE>
          <ACAD-YEAR>
            <FROM-MONTH MONTH="MAY"/>
            <TO-MONTH MONTH="APRIL"/>
          </ACAD-YEAR>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">campus in Montreal</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Jonathan</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Wener</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and Vice-Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Graham</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Carr</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Provost and Vice-Pres. for Acad. Affairs</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Anne</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Whitelaw</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Advancement and External Relations</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Bram</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Freedman</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Research and Graduate Studies</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Christophe</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Guy</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Services</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Roger</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>C&amp;ocirc;t&amp;eacute;</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Registrar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Daniel</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Therrien</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="ACTING">Univ. Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Pat</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Riva</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT>see under Libraries and Archives</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT><TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="2030"/> (1060 full-time, 970 part-time) </TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT>
              <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="47750"/>
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
          <PUB-GRP>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Canadian Journal of Irish Studies</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>Revue Canadienne d&amp;rsquo;&amp;Eacute;tudes Irlandaises, 2 a year, in
                English and French</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Journal of Canadian Art History</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>Annales d&amp;apos;Histoire de L&amp;apos;art Canadien, in English and
                French, 2 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Journal of Religion and Culture</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>1 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
          </PUB-GRP>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Arts and Science</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Pascale</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Sicotte</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Fine Arts</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Annie</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>G&amp;eacute;rin</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Gina Cody School of Engineering and Computer
                  Science</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Mourad</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Debbabi</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">John Molson School of Business</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Anne-Marie</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Croteau</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING">School of Graduate Studies</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Effrosyni</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Diamantoudi </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.201803211523.0001" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="21.03.2018, 20.11.2020"
        UPDATED="04.03.2022" PREVRETURNS="02.03.2022" RETURNED="18.01.2023" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Concordia University of Edmonton</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Kirsta Poffenroth, Marketing Specialist,
              <EMAIL>marketing@concordia.ab.ca </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>7128 Ada Blvd, <CITY>Edmonton</CITY>, AB <POSTCODE>T5B 4E4
              </POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(780) 479-8481</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@concordia.ab.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.concordia.ab.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1921"/> as Concordia College, present name and status
              2015</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Stephen</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Mandel</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and Vice-Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Tim</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Loreman </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Provost and Vice-Pres. for Acad.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Barb</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>van Ingen </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for External Affairs and Int. Relations</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Manfred</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Zeuch </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Finance and Operations</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Rizwan</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Kanji</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Student Life and Learning</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Carmen</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Arth </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Library Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Dan</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Mirau</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Arts</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Brett</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Buchanan </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING">Faculty of Education</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Alison</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Yacyshyn </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING">Faculty of Graduate Studies</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Patrick</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Kamau </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Management</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Alison</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Yacyshyn </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Science</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Patrick</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Kamau </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.201709051650.0001" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="05.09.2017" UPDATED="17.04.2018"
        PREVRETURNS="22.01.2019, 07.01.2020, 11.03.2021" RETURNED="04.01.2022" DP="NO"
        SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Crandall University</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Darrell Nevers, Marketing and Communications Man. <EMAIL>
              darrell.nevers@crandallu.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>POB 6004, <CITY>Moncton</CITY>, NB <POSTCODE>E1C
              9L7</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="LOCATION" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>333 Gorge Rd, <CITY>Moncton</CITY>, NB <POSTCODE>E1G 3H9
              </POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(506) 858-8970</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>admissions@crandallu.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.crandallu.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1949"/> as United Baptist Bible Training School, present
              name and status 2010</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: private</CONTROL>
          <ACAD-YEAR>
            <FROM-MONTH MONTH="SEPTEMBER"/>
            <TO-MONTH MONTH="MAY"/>
          </ACAD-YEAR>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Donald E.</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Simmonds</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and Vice-Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Bruce G.</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Fawcett </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Provost and Vice-Pres. for Acad. Affairs</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Jon</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Ohlhauser </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Admin. and Finance</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Heather</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Burke</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Advancement</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Robert</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Knowles </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Registrar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Marybeth</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>LeBouthillier</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Head Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>David</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Purdy</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT>
              <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="900"/>
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
        </BLOCK>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.5.1.13" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000292"
        PREVUPDATES="23.01.2009, 04.05.2009, 08.07.2015, 10.12.2015, 16.12.2015, 23.08.2016, 10.11.2017, 27.03.2018, 31.07.2019, 07.07.2020, 19.03.2021, 09.06.2021"
        UPDATED="12.07.2022"
        PREVRETURNS="18.08.2005,01.05.2009, 20.04.2012, 16.05.2013, 31.05.2016, 02.02.2017"
        RETURNED="14.03.2018" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Dalhousie University</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Kate MacInnes, Institutional Analyst <EMAIL>
            kate.m@dal.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS><CITY>Halifax</CITY>, NS <POSTCODE>B3H
              4R2</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(902) 494-2450</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>admissions@dal.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.dal.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1818"/>, merged with Technical Univ. of Nova Scotia 1997
              and Nova Scotia Agricultural College 2012</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: private</CONTROL>
          <LANGUAGE>
            <SPOKEN LANG="English"/>
          </LANGUAGE>
          <ACAD-YEAR>
            <FROM-MONTH MONTH="SEPTEMBER"/>
            <TO-MONTH MONTH="AUGUST"/>
          </ACAD-YEAR>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">campus in Truro</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Hon.</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Scott</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Brison </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and Vice-Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Prof.</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>H. Deep</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME> Saini</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="ACTING">Provost and Vice-Pres. for Acad.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Frank</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Harvey </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-President for Advancement</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Peter</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Fardy</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Finance and Admin</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Gitta</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Kulczycki</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Research and Innovation</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Alice</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Aiken </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Registrar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Adam</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Robertson</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Univ. Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Donna</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Bourne-Tyson</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT>see under Libraries and Archives</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT>
              <TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="1000"/>
            </TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT>
              <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="19000"/>
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Agriculture</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>David</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Gray</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING">Faculty of Architecture and Planning</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>John</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Newhook </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING">Faculty of Arts and Social Sciences</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Roberta</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Barker, </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Computer Science</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Andrew</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Rau-Chaplin </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Dentistry</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>BenjaminTom</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME> Davis</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Engineering</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>John</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Newhook </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Graduate Studies</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Marty</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Leonard </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Health</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Brenda</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Merritt </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING">Faculty of Law</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Richard</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Devlin</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Management</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Kim</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Brooks</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Medicine</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>David</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Anderson </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Open Learning and Career Development</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Dianne</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Tyers</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Science</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Chris</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Moore </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.5.1.14" TOWN="Ottawa" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000293"
        PREVUPDATES="07.10.2003; 11/08/00; 18/08/01, 04.07.2008" UPDATED="29.03.2018"
        PREVRETURNS="30.06.2004, 18.04.2012, 18.02.2013, 06.01.2014, 05.05.2015,13.01.2016, 09.01.2017, 12.01.2018, 08.01.2019, 15.01.2020"
        RETURNED="11.05.2021" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Dominican University College</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Peter Foy, Vice-Pres. for Finance and Admin.
              <EMAIL>finances@dominicanu.ca </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>96 Empress Ave, <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>K1R 7G3
              </POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(613) 233-5696</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@dominicanu.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.dominicanu.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1900"/>, current name adopted 2012</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
          <LANGUAGE>
            <SPOKEN LANG="English"/>
            <SPOKEN LANG="French"/>
          </LANGUAGE>
          <ACAD-YEAR>
            <FROM-MONTH MONTH="SEPTEMBER"/>
            <TO-MONTH MONTH="APRIL"/>
          </ACAD-YEAR>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">also Institut de Pastorale des
            Dominicains</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Jean</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Doutre</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Brigitte</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Quintal</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Finance and Admin.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Peter</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Foy</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Studies</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Iva</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Apostolova</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Registrar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Caroline</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Vandergoten</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="VACANT">Librarian</JOB>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="120000"/> vols, 500 periodicals</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT>
              <TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="20"/>
            </TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT>
              <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="190"/>
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
          <PUB-GRP>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Science et Esprit</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>4 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
          </PUB-GRP>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Philosophy</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Mark</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Nyvlt</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Theology</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Herv&amp;eacute;</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Tremblay</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.201709051616.0001" INDEX="Y"
        PREVUPDATES="05.09.2017, 22.03.2018, 15.04.2021, 26.11.2021" UPDATED="24.01.2023"
        PREVRETURNS="" RETURNED="" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Emily Carr University of Art and Design</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>520 E First Ave, <CITY>Vancouver</CITY>, BC <POSTCODE>V5T
                0H2</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(604) 844-3800</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>admissions@ecuad.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.ecuad.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1925"/> as Vancouver School of Applied and Decorative
              Arts, present name and status 2008</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Carleen</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Thomas</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and Vice-Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Gillian</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Siddal </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Provost and Vice-Pres. for Acad.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Trish</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Kelly </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Admin. and Finance</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Michael</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Clifford</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Registrar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Kevin</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Bird</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Univ. Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Suzanne</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Rackover</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT>
              <TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="190"/>
            </TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT>
              <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="1870"/>
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
          <PUB-GRP>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>CURRENT: Design Research Journal</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>1 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>WOO Publication</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>2 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
          </PUB-GRP>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Audain Faculty of Art</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Judy</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Davis</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Culture and Community</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Cissie</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Fu</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Design and Dynamic Media</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Deborah</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Shackleton</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Jake Kerr Faculty of Graduate Studies</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Justin</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Langlois</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.201804191217.0001" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="" UPDATED="19.04.2018"
        PREVRETURNS="" RETURNED="" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Fairleigh Dickinson University, Vancouver Campus</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>842 Cambie St, <CITY>Vancouver</CITY>, BC <POSTCODE>V6B
              2P6</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(604) 682-8112</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>vancouver@fdu.edu</EMAIL>
          <WWW>view2.fdu.edu/vancouver-campus</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="2007"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: private</CONTROL>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">campuses in NJ, NY (USA)</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Campus Provost</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Cecil A.</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Abrahams</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir for Acad. Support Services and English Language Studies </JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>David</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>O&amp;rsquo;Reilly</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir for Admissions</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Natalia</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Kharitonova</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir for Student Services</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Jobin</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Mojtabavi</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.201611211213.0001" TOWN="Sussex" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="21.11.2016"
        UPDATED="26.03.2018" PREVRETURNS="02.02.2017, 17.01.2018, 08.01.2021" RETURNED="13.01.2022"
        DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Kingswood University</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Marilee Rodgerson, Registrar <EMAIL>rodgersonm@kingswood.edu
            </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>26 Western St, POB 5125, <CITY>Sussex</CITY>, NB <POSTCODE> E4E
                1E6</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(506) 432-4400</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>enrolment@kingswood.edu</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.kingswood.edu</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1945"/> as Holiness Bible Institute, present name and
              status 2011</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: private</CONTROL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Stephen J.</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME> Lennox</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Acad. Affairs</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Janet</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Starks </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Enrolment and Marketing</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Andrea</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Gunter</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Campus Life</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Rev.</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Kirk</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Sabine </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Registrar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Marilee</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Rodgerson</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir of Library Services</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Virnna</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Sabine</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.201709051717.0001" INDEX="Y"
        PREVUPDATES="05.09.2017, 22.03.2018, 31.07.2019, 17.08.2020" UPDATED="17.11.2020"
        PREVRETURNS="" RETURNED="" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Kwantlen Polytechnic University</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Tatiana Tomljanovic, Media Specialist
              <EMAIL>tatiana.tomljanovic@kpu.ca </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>12666, 72 Ave, <CITY>Surrey</CITY>, BC <POSTCODE>V3W 2M8
              </POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(604) 599-2000</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>studentinfo@kpu.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.kpu.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1981"/>, present name and status 2008</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">campuses in Cloverdale, Langley,
            Richmond</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Kim</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Baird</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and Vice-Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Alan</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Davis</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Provost and Vice-Pres. for Acad.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Sandy</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Vanderburgh</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Finance and Admin.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Jon</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Harding</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for External Affairs</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Marlyn</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Graziano</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Univ. Registrar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Zena</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Mitchell</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Todd M.</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Mundle</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT>188,260 monographs, 8,520 videos and DVDs, 700 print journals, 100
              ejournals</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT>
              <TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="1400"/>
            </TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT>
              <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="20000"/>
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Academic and Career Advancement </SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Patrick J.</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Donahoe</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Arts</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Diane</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Purvey</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Health</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>David</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Florkowski </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Science and Horticulture</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Elizabeth</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Worobec</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Trades and Technology</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Brian</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Haugen</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">School of Business</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Wayne</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Tebb</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Wilson School of Design</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Andhra</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Goundrey</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.5.1.17" TOWN="Thunder Bay" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000296"
        PREVUPDATES="07.10.2003, 05.05.2009, 10.12.2015, 11.12.2015, 06.04.2016, 23.08.2016, 07.02.2017, 02.04.2018, 21.06.2018, 31.07.2019, 19.11.2019, 19.03.2020, 24.06.2020, 14.04.2021, 04.03.2022"
        UPDATED="01.12.2022" PREVRETURNS="22.04.2009" RETURNED="10.01.2011" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Lakehead University</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>955 Oliver Rd, <CITY>Thunder Bay</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>P7B
                5E1</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(807) 343-8110</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>tbay@lakeheadu.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.lakeheadu.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1965"/>, fmrly Lakehead Technical Institute
              1946</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
          <ACAD-YEAR>
            <FROM-MONTH MONTH="SEPTEMBER"/>
            <TO-MONTH MONTH="APRIL"/>
          </ACAD-YEAR>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">campus in Orillia</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Lyn</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>McLeod</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and Vice-Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Moira</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>McPherson </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="ACTING">Provost and Vice-Pres. for Acad.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>David</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Barnett</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Admin. and Finance</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Kathy</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Pozihun</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Research and Innovation</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Andrew P.</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Dean </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Assoc. Vice-Provost for Enrolment and Registrar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Andrea</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Tarsitano</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Univ. Librarian and Vice-Provost for Teaching and Learning </JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Karen</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Keiller</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT>
              <TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="320"/>
            </TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT>
              <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="8680"/>
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Bora Laskin Faculty of Law</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Jula</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Hughes </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Business Administration</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>David</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Richards </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Education</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>John</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>O&amp;rsquo;Meara </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Engineering</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Janusz</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Kozinski </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Graduate Studies</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Chander</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Shahi </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Health and Behavioural Sciences</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Michel</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>B&amp;eacute;dard </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Natural Resource Management</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Brigitte</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Leblon </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Science and Environmental Studies</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Todd</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Randall </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING">Faculty of Social Sciences and Humanities </SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Rhonda</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Koster </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Northern Ontario School of Medicine</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Sarita</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Verma </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.201709061411.0001" INDEX="Y"
        PREVUPDATES="06.09.2017, 03.04.2018, 30.07.2019, 15.06.2020, 09.12.2021, 04.03.2022"
        UPDATED="06.09.2022" PREVRETURNS="" RETURNED="" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Laurentian University</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">
            <EMAIL>communications@laurentian.ca</EMAIL>
          </CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>935 Ramsey Lake Rd, <CITY>Sudbury</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> P3E
                2C6</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(705) 675-1151</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>admissions@laurentian.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.laurentian.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1960"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
          <LANGUAGE>
            <SPOKEN LANG="English"/>
            <SPOKEN LANG="French"/>
          </LANGUAGE>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">also Goodman School of Mines; campus in Barrie;
            incl. Huntington Univ., Thorneloe Univ</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="VACANT">Chancellor</JOB>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and Vice-Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Robert</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Hach&amp;eacute; </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Provost and Vice-Pres. for Acad.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Marie-Jos&amp;eacute;e</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Berger</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Admin.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Lorella</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Hayes</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Research</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Tammy</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Eger</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Registrar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Diane</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Roy</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Univ. Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Brent</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Roe</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT>
              <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="9500"/>
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Arts</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Jo&amp;euml;l</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Dickinson </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Education and Health</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>C&amp;eacute;line</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME> Larivi&amp;egrave;re</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING">Faculty of Graduate Studies</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Lace Marie</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Brogden</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Management</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Michel</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Delorme</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING">Faculty of Science, Engineering and Architecture </SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Dean</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Millar</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Northern Ontario School of Medicine</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Sarita</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Verma </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
        <ATTACHED-GRP ID="CA.201709061411.0001.01">
          <ATTACHED-GRP-TITLE>Attached Universities</ATTACHED-GRP-TITLE>
          <ATTACH-LIST ID="CA.201709061411.0001.02">
            <PRIMARY ID="CA.201709061411.0001.03" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="15.06.2020, 13.09.2021"
              UPDATED="07.12.2021" RETURNED="08.01.2021" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
              <TIBLOCK>
                <TITLE>Universit&amp;eacute; de Sudbury</TITLE>
              </TIBLOCK>
              <BLOCK>
                <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Marianne Denis, Communications
                    Officer<EMAIL>usudreg@usudbury.ca </EMAIL></CONTACT>
                <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
                  <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>935 chemin du lac Ramsey Lake Rd, <CITY>Sudbury</CITY>, ON
                      <POSTCODE>P3E 2C6</POSTCODE>,</VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
                </ADDRESS>
                <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
                  <NUMBER>705.673.5661</NUMBER>
                </TEL>
                <EMAIL>usudreg@usudbury.ca</EMAIL>
                <WWW>www.usudbury.ca</WWW>
                <FOUNDED>
                  <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1913"/> as Coll&amp;egrave;ge du
                    Sacr&amp;eacute;-Coeur, current name adopted 1957</FOUND-PTEXT>
                </FOUNDED>
                <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
                <LANGUAGE>
                  <SPOKEN LANG="English"/>
                  <SPOKEN LANG="French"/>
                </LANGUAGE>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Donald</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Obonsawin</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and Vice-Chancellor</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                    <FORENAME>Serge</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Miville </SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir of Admin. and Finance </JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Sandra</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Moskal</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir of Library and Archives</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Paul</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Laverdure</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
              </BLOCK>
            </PRIMARY>
          </ATTACH-LIST>
        </ATTACHED-GRP>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.201709041524.0001" INDEX="Y"
        PREVUPDATES="04.09.2017,12.03.2018, 12.06.2019, 29.07.2019, 30.07.2019, 19.08.2019, 17.08.2020, 19.02.2021, 16.07.2021, 10.08.2021, 04.03.2022"
        UPDATED="06.06.2022" RETURNED="" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>MacEwan University</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">David Beharry, Media Relations Advisor <EMAIL>
              beharryd@macewan.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>POB 1796, <CITY>Edmonton</CITY>, AB <POSTCODE>T5J
              2P2</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="LOCATION" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>City Centre Campus, 10700-104 Ave, <CITY>Edmonton</CITY>, AB
                <POSTCODE>T5J 4S2</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(780) 497-5040</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@macewan.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.macewan.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1971"/>as Grant MacEwan Community College, present status
              2009, current name adopted 2013</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
          <ACAD-YEAR>
            <FROM-MONTH MONTH="SEPTEMBER"/>
            <TO-MONTH MONTH="AUGUST"/>
          </ACAD-YEAR>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">incl. Alberta College campus</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and Vice-Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Annette</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Trimbee </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Acad. and Provost</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Craig</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Monk</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Univ. Relations </JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Myrna</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Khan</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. and General Counsel </JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Michelle</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Plouffe</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Resources and People </JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>John</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>McGrath</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Univ. Registrar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>David</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>McLaughlin</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dean for Libraries</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Karen</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Keiller</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="527940"/> vols, 35,980 ejournals, 1,290 print subscriptions
            </LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT>
              <TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="520"/>
            </TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT>
              <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="19300"/>
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
          <PUB-GRP>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <PUB-TEXT>8 journals listed at: journals.macewan.ca </PUB-TEXT>
            </PUBLICATION>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>The Capital Report</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>1 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>The Scavenger</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>1 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
          </PUB-GRP>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Arts and Science</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Melike</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Schalomon </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Fine Arts and Communications</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Allan</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Gilliland </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Health and Community Studies</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>David</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Danto </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Nursing</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Christy</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Raymond </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">School of Business</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Richard</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Perlow</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">School of Continuing Education</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Heather</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>McRae</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.5.1.21" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000300"
        PREVUPDATES="01.07.2002; 11.06.2002; 18/08/01, 06.07.2010, 08.07.2015, 11.12.2015, 16.12.2015, 19.01.2016, 22.08.2016, 23.08.2016, 26.08.2016, 31.05.2017, 11.07.2017, 24.07.2017, 05.04.2018, 03.07.2019, 08.06.2020, 20.11.2020, 09.06.2021, 16.07.2021, 04.03.2022, 15.06.2022"
        UPDATED="02.09.2022" RETURNED="30.06.2004" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>McGill University</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>845 Sherbrooke St W, <CITY>Montr&amp;eacute;al</CITY>, QC <POSTCODE>
                H3A 0G4</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(514) 398-4455</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>student.aid@mcgill.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.mcgill.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1821"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
          <LANGUAGE>
            <SPOKEN LANG="English"/>
          </LANGUAGE>
          <ACAD-YEAR>
            <FROM-MONTH MONTH="SEPTEMBER"/>
            <TO-MONTH MONTH="MAY"/>
          </ACAD-YEAR>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">campus in Sainte Anne de Bellevue</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <VERBATIM-NAME>John McCall MacBain</VERBATIM-NAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Prin. and Vice-Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Suzanne</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Fortier</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Provost and Vice-Prin. for Acad.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Christopher</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Manfredi</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Prin. for Admin. and Finance</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Yves</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Beauchamp</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Prin. for Health Affairs</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>David</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Eidelman</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Prin. for Research and Innovation</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Martha</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Crago</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Prin. for Univ. Advancement</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Marc</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Weinstein</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Sec.-Gen.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Edyta</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Rogowska</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Registrar and Exec. Dir for Enrolment Services</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Gillian</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Nycum</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dean for Libraries</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Guylaine</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Beaudry </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT>see under Libraries and Archives</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT>
              <TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="1810"/>
            </TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT>
              <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="39270"/>
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
          <PUB-GRP>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>McGill Journal of Economics</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>1 a year, in English and French</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>McGill Journal of Education</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>3 a year, in English and French</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>McGill Journal of Medicine</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>2 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>McGill Journal of Middle East Studies</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>1 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>McGill Journal of Political Studies</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>1 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>McGill Journal of Sustainable Development Law</JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
          </PUB-GRP>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Desautels Faculty of Management</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Prof.</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Yolande E.</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME> Chan</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Agricultural and Environmental
                  Sciences</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Anja</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Geitmann</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING">Faculty of Arts</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Prof.</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Mary</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Hunter </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Dental Medicine and Oral Health
                  Sciences</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Prof.</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Elham</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Emami </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Education</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Dilson</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Rassier</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Engineering</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Jim A.</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Nicell</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Law</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Robert</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Leckey</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Medicine and Health Sciences</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>David</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Eidelman</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Science</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Prof.</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Bruce</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Lennox </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Graduate and Postdoctoral Studies</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Josephine</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Nalbantoglu</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">School of Continuing Studies</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Carola</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Weil</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Schulich School of Music</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Brenda</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Ravenscroft</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.5.1.22" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000301"
        PREVUPDATES="18/08/01, 07.07.2010, 23.08.2016, 23.11.2017, 02.04.2018, 22.08.2019, 25.11.2019, 09.06.2020, 17.09.2020, 10.06.2021, 16.07.2021, 15.06.2022"
        UPDATED="01.07.2022" PREVRETURNS="02.06.2005, 08.06.2004; 20.09.2001, 28.04.2011,27.01.2012"
        RETURNED="13.02.2012" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>McMaster University</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Barb Agro, Exec. Asst <EMAIL>agrob@mcmaster.ca </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>1280 Main St W, <CITY>Hamilton</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>L8S
              4L8</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(905) 525-9140</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>agrob@mcmaster.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.mcmaster.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1887"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
          <LANGUAGE>
            <SPOKEN LANG="English"/>
          </LANGUAGE>
          <ACAD-YEAR>
            <FROM-MONTH MONTH="SEPTEMBER"/>
            <TO-MONTH MONTH="APRIL"/>
          </ACAD-YEAR>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">also McMaster Divinity College</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Santee</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Smith </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="ACTING">Pres. and Vice-Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>David</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Farrar </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Provost and Vice-Pres. for Acad.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Susan</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Tighe</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Operations and Finance</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Saher</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Fazilat</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Health Sciences</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Paul</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>O&amp;rsquo;Byrne </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="ACTING">Vice-Pres. for Research</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Karen</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Mossman </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Univ. Advancement</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Mary</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Williams</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Registrar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Melissa</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Pool</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Univ. Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Vivian</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Lewis</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT>see under Libraries and Archives</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT>
              <TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="1050"/>
            </TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT>
              <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="36450"/>
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">DeGroote School of Business</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Khaled</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Hassanein </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Engineering</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Heather</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Sheardown </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Health Sciences</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Paul</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>O&amp;rsquo;Byrne </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Humanities</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Pamela</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Swett </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Science</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Maureen</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>MacDonald </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Social Sciences</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Jeremiah</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Hurley </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Graduate Studies</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Steve</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Hranilovic </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.5.1.24" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000303"
        PREVUPDATES="07.10.2003, 02.06.2014, 26.02.2015, 19.01.2016, 22.08.2016, 19.09.2017, 10.11.2017, 13.11.2017, 26.03.2018, 31.07.2019, 25.06.2020, 06.07.2020, 17.08.2020, 16.07.2021, 10.08.2021, 20.01.2022, 25.01.2022, 07.03.2022, 12.04.2022"
        UPDATED="06.10.2022" PREVRETURNS="04.05.2011" RETURNED="09.02.2022" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Memorial University of Newfoundland</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>Elizabeth Ave, POB 4200, <CITY>St John&amp;rsquo;s</CITY>, NL
                <POSTCODE> A1C 5S7</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(709) 864-8000</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>becomestudent@mun.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.mun.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1925"/> as Memorial Univ. College, present status
              1949</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
          <LANGUAGE>
            <SPOKEN LANG="English"/>
          </LANGUAGE>
          <ACAD-YEAR><FROM-MONTH MONTH="SEPTEMBER"/><TO-MONTH MONTH="AUGUST"/> (trimester
            system)</ACAD-YEAR>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">campuses in Corner Brook, Essex, Happy
            Valley-Goose Bay</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Susan Dyer</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME> Knight</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and Vice-Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Vianne</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Timmons </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="ACTING">Provost and Vice-Pres. for Acad. Affairs</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Margaret</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Steele </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Admin. and Finance</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Kent</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Decker</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Grenfell Campus</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Ian</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Sutherland </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Research</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Neil</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Bose</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Marine Institute</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Glenn</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Blackwood</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Registrar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Thomas</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Nault</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dean for Libraries</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Dianne </FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Keeping </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT>see under Libraries and Archives</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT>
              <TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="5700"/>
            </TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT>
              <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="19000"/>
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING">Faculty of Business Administration</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Travor</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Brown </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Education</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Gerald</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME> Galway </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Engineering and Applied Science </SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Greg</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Naterer </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences </SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Ailsa</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Craig </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
                <POSITION>Interim</POSITION>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Medicine</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Margaret</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Steele </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING">Faculty of Science</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Travis</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Fridgen </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">School of Arts and Social Science, Grenfell
                  Campus</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Ken</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Jacobson </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">School of Fine Arts, Grenfell Campus</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Todd</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Hennessy </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">School of Graduate Studies</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Aimee</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Surprenant </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">School of Human Kinetics and Recreation</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Anne Marie</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME> Sullivan</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
                <POSITION>Interim</POSITION>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING">School of Music</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Karen</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Bulmer </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">School of Nursing</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Alice</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Gaudine </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">School of Pharmacy</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Shawn</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Bugden </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">School of Science and the Environment, Grenfell
                  Campus</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Michele</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Piercey-Normore </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">School of Social Work</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Donna Hardy</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME> Cox</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.5.1.27" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000306"
        PREVUPDATES="17.01.2005, 17.06.2009, 19.01.2016, 05.07.2017, 26.03.2018, 21.08.2018, 23.03.2020, 22.09.2020, 04.08.2021, 20.01.2022"
        UPDATED="06.09.2022" PREVRETURNS="17.01.2005" RETURNED="19.05.2009" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Mount Allison University</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>65 York St, <CITY>Sackville</CITY>, NB <POSTCODE>E4L 1E2
              </POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(506) 364-2269</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>admissions@mta.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.mta.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1839"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
          <LANGUAGE>
            <SPOKEN LANG="English"/>
          </LANGUAGE>
          <ACAD-YEAR>
            <FROM-MONTH MONTH="SEPTEMBER"/>
            <TO-MONTH MONTH="MAY"/>
          </ACAD-YEAR>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Lynn</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Loewen</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and Vice-Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Jean Paul</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Boudreau</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Provost and Vice-Pres. for Acad. and Research</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Jeffrey</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Hennesy </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Finance and Admin.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Robert</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Inglis</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Int. and Student Affairs</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Kim</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Meade</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Univ. Advancement</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Gloria</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Jollymore</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Registrar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Shawna</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Garrett</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="ACTING">Univ. Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Laura</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Landon</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT>see under Libraries and Archives</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT>
              <TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="130"/>
            </TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT>
              <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="2300"/>
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Arts</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Vicki</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>St. Pierre </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Science</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Jennifer </FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Tomes </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Social Sciences</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Nauman</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Farooqi </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.201709041641.0001" TOWN="Calgary" INDEX="Y"
        PREVUPDATES="04.09.2017, 10.11.2017, 10.04.2018, 30.07.2019, 23.11.2020, 11.11.2021, 07.03.2022"
        UPDATED="19.08.2022" PREVRETURNS="" RETURNED="" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Mount Royal University</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">
            <EMAIL>mediarelations@mtroyal.ca</EMAIL>
          </CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>4825 Mount Royal Gate SW, <CITY>Calgary</CITY>, AB <POSTCODE> T3E
                6K6</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(403) 440-6111</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>president@mtroyal.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.mtroyal.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1910"/> as Mount Royal College, present name and status
              2009</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">also school of communication studies; campus in
            Springbank</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Tim</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Rahilly </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="ACTING">Vice-Pres. for Acad. and Provost</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Elizabeth</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Evans </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Finance and Admin.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Mustansar</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Nadeem</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Student Affairs and Campus Life</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Steve</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Fitterer</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Univ. Advancement</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Paul</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Rossmann</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Assoc. Vice-Pres. for Enrolment Management and Registrar </JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Phil</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Warsaba</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dean for Univ. Library</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Megan</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Bowler</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT><TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="640"/> (370 full-time, 270 part-time) </TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT>
              <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="9530"/>
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Arts</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Jeffrey</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Keshen</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Business and Communication Studies</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Kelly</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Williams-Whitt</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Continuing Education and Extension </SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Brad</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Mahon</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Health, Community and Education </SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Stephen</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Price </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Science and Technology</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Jonathan M.</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME> Withey</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.5.1.28" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000307"
        PREVUPDATES="07.10.2003, 11.07.2017, 27.03.2018, 31.07.2019, 30.04.2021, 05.01.2022, 07.03.2022"
        UPDATED="19.08.2022" PREVRETURNS="26.04.2004" RETURNED="07.01.2022" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Mount Saint Vincent University</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>166 Bedford Highway, <CITY>Halifax</CITY>, NS <POSTCODE> B3M
                2J6</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(902) 457-6788</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>admissions@msvu.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.msvu.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1873"/>, present name and status 1966</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
          <LANGUAGE>
            <SPOKEN LANG="English"/>
          </LANGUAGE>
          <ACAD-YEAR>
            <FROM-MONTH MONTH="SEPTEMBER"/>
            <TO-MONTH MONTH="APRIL"/>
          </ACAD-YEAR>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">also faculty of education</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Sis.</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Joan</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>O&amp;rsquo;Keefe </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="ACTING">Pres. and Vice-Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Ramona</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Lumpkin </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="ACTING">Vice-Pres. for Acad. and Provost</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Brook</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Taylor </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="ACTING">Vice-Pres. for Admin.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Gabrielle</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Morrison</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Registrar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Paul</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Cantelo</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Univ. Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Tanja</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Harrison</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT><TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="230"/> (150 full-time, 80 part-time) </TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT>
              <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="4500"/>
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
          <PUB-GRP>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Atlantis</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>2 a year, in English and French</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
          </PUB-GRP>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Arts and Sciences</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Brook</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Taylor </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Education</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Antony </FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Card </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Professional and Graduate Studies</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Susan</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Trenholm </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.5.1.29A" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000309"
        PREVUPDATES="12.06.2002, 27.01.2009, 23.08.2016, 10.11.2017, 02.04.2018"
        UPDATED="06.09.2022" RETURNED="20.04.2004" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Nipissing University</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>100 College Dr., POB 5002, <CITY>North Bay</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> P1B
                8L7</POSTCODE>
            </VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(705) 474-3450</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>nuinfo@nipissingu.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.nipissingu.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1967"/> as Nipissing Univ. College, present name and
              status 1992</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ACAD-YEAR>
            <FROM-MONTH MONTH="SEPTEMBER"/>
            <TO-MONTH MONTH="AUGUST"/>
          </ACAD-YEAR>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">campus in Brantford</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Paul</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Cook</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and Vice-Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Kevin B.</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Wamsley </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Provost and Vice-Pres. for Acad. and Research</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Arja</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Vainio-Mattila </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Admin. and Finance</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Cheryl</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Sutton</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Registrar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Debra</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Iafrate</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Exec. Dir for Library Services</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Nancy E.</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Black</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT>
              <TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="170"/>
            </TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT>
              <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="7170"/>
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Applied and Professional Studies</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Rick</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Vanderlee </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Arts and Science</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Murat</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Tuncali </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">School of Graduate Studies</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Jim</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>McAuliffe </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Schulich School of Education</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Carole</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Richardson </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.5.1.32" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000312"
        PREVUPDATES="12/06/2002;18/08/01; 11/08/00, 29/06/2004, 04.09.2014, 28.03.2018, 23.11.2020, 07.03.2022"
        UPDATED="10.08.2022" PREVRETURNS="03.08.2006, 27.05.2005" RETURNED="08.06.2007" DP="NO"
        SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Nova Scotia College of Art and Design University</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">NSCAD University</SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>5163 Duke St, <CITY>Halifax</CITY>, NS <POSTCODE>B3J 3J6
              </POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(902) 444-9600</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@nscad.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.nscad.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1887"/>, present name and status 2003</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
          <ACAD-YEAR>
            <FROM-MONTH MONTH="SEPTEMBER"/>
            <TO-MONTH MONTH="APRIL"/>
          </ACAD-YEAR>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">divs of art history and contemporary culture,
            craft, design, fine arts, media arts; schools of extended studies, graduate studies;
            campuses in Halifax</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Peggy</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Shannon </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Acad. and Research</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Ann-Barbara</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Graff Honeychurch</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Finance and Admin.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Sharon</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Johnson-Legere</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Registrar and Assoc. Vice-Pres. for Student Experience</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Jim</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Barmby</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Univ. Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Rebecca</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Young</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="50000"/> vols, 220 art periodicals, 140,000 colour slides, large
              holding of films and video cassettes (incl. Canada Council Art Bank colln)</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT>
              <TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="50"/>
            </TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT><STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="1100"/> (800 full-time, 300 part-time)
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
        </BLOCK>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.201706021250.0001" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000353"
        PREVUPDATES="20.08.2001, 02.07.2004, 02.06.2017, 07.07.2017, 08.02.2018, 02.04.2018, 31.07.2019, 18.06.2020, 05.01.2021, 25.01.2022"
        UPDATED="07.03.2022" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Ontario College of Art and Design University</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">OCAD University</SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>100 McCaul St, <CITY>Toronto</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>M5T 1W1
              </POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(416) 977-6000</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>admissions@ocadu.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.ocadu.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1876"/>, present status 2002, current named adopted
              2010</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Salah J.</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Bachir </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and Vice-Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Jaime</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Watt</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Acad. and Provost</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr </ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Caroline</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Langill </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Research and Innovation</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr </ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Robert</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Luke </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Registrar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Elisabeth</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Paradis</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Univ. Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Tony</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>White</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT>
              <VOL TOTAL="70000"/> vols, 180,000 ebooks, 60,000 eperiodicals </LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT>
              <TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="250"/>
            </TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT><STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="4600"/> (4,345 undergraduate, 255 graduates)
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Art</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr </ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Vladimir</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Spicanovic </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Design</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr </ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Elizabeth</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME> Tunstall</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Liberal Arts and Sciences</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Sarita</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Srivastava</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Graduate Studies</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr </ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Ashok</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Mathur </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.201804191234.0001" TOWN="Port Alberni" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES=""
        UPDATED="19.04.2018" PREVRETURNS="26.01.2019, 05.01.2021" RETURNED="23.02.2022" DP="NO"
        SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Pacific Coast University for Workplace Health Sciences</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Joyce Gravelle, Vice-Pres., Admin., <EMAIL>info@pcu-whs.ca
            </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>4755 Cherry Creek Rd, <CITY>Port Alberni</CITY>, BC <POSTCODE> V9Y
                0A7</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(778) 421-0821</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@pcu-whs.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.pcu-whs.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="2007"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: private</CONTROL>
          <ACAD-YEAR>
            <FROM-MONTH MONTH="SEPTEMBER"/>
            <TO-MONTH MONTH="JULY"/>
          </ACAD-YEAR>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Hon.</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Wayne G.</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME> Wouters</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Wolfgang</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Zimmermann</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chief Acad. Officer</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Susan</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Patrick</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Registrar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>William</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Garrett</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.5.1.36" TOWN="Kingston" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000327"
        PREVUPDATES="18/08/01, 01.07.2010, 08.07.2015, 19.01.2016, 23.08.2016, 11.07.2017, 02.04.2018, 14.08.2018, 31.07.2019, 03.06.2020, 07.07.2020, 07.05.2021, 16.07.2021, 07.03.2022"
        UPDATED="07.07.2022" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Queen&amp;rsquo;s University</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>99 University Ave, <CITY>Kingston</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> K7L
                3N6</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(613) 533-2000</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>admission@queensu.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.queensu.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1841"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
          <LANGUAGE>
            <SPOKEN LANG="English"/>
          </LANGUAGE>
          <ACAD-YEAR>
            <FROM-MONTH MONTH="SEPTEMBER"/>
            <TO-MONTH MONTH="MAY"/>
          </ACAD-YEAR>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">incl. Queen&amp;rsquo;s Theological
            College</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Hon.</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Murray</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Sinclair </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Chancellor and Prin.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Daniel</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Woolf </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Rector</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Cam</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Yung</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="ACTING">Provost and Vice-Prin. for Acad.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Teri</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Shearer </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Prin. for Advancement</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>T.</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Harris</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Prin. for Finance and Admin.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Janiec</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Prin. for Research</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>N.</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Ross</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Univ. Registrar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Metcalfe</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Provost and Univ. Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Mark</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Asberg </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT>see under Libraries and Archives</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT>
              <TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="3500"/>
            </TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT>
              <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="24140"/>
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
          <PUB-GRP>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Queen&amp;rsquo;s Quarterly</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>4 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
          </PUB-GRP>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Arts and Science</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Barbara</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Crow </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Education</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Rebecca</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Luce-Kapler</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Engineering and Applied Science </SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>K.</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Deluzio</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Health Sciences</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Jane</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Philpott</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Law</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Mark</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Walters</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">School of Graduate Studies</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>B.</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Brouwer</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Smith School of Business</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Wanda</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Costen </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.201804191446.0001" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="19.04.2018" UPDATED="03.07.2022"
        PREVRETURNS="" RETURNED="" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Quest University Canada</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>3200 University Blvd, <CITY>Squamish</CITY>, BC <POSTCODE> V8B
                0N8</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(604) 898-8000</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@questu.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.questu.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="2002"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: private</CONTROL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Peter</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Webster</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and Vice-Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>George</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Iwama </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chief Acad. Officer</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Doug</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Munroe</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Finance and Operations</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Flora</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Ferraro</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="ACTING">Dean for Student</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Julie</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Miller</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Registrar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Birgit</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Widmaier</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Univ. Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Venessa</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Wallsten</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT>
              <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="700"/>
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
        </BLOCK>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.201912021139.0001" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="02.12.2019" UPDATED="07.03.2022"
        DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Red Deer Polytechnic</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>100 College Blvd, POB 5005, <CITY>Red Deer</CITY>, AB <POSTCODE> T4N
                5H5</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(403) 342-3400</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>inquire@rdpolytech.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.rdpolytech.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1964"/> as Red Deer College, present name and status
              2021</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">schools of arts and sciences, creative arts;
            Donald School of Business, Science and Technology</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="ACTING">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Jim</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Brinkhurst</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Provost and Vice-Pres. for Acad.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Kylie</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Thomas</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Finance and Admin., and Chief Financial Officer </JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Jim</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Brinkhurst</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dean of Students</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Kristine</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Plastow</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Registrar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Trish</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Nuyten</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT>
              <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="7500"/>
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
        </BLOCK>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.5.1.37" TOWN="Ancaster" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000328"
        PREVUPDATES="18/08/01, 12.06.2002, 14.03.2017, 16.04.2018, 21.08.2020" UPDATED="07.03.2022"
        PREVRETURNS="27.05.2004, 17.04.2012" RETURNED="14.01.2022" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Redeemer University College</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>777 Garner Rd E, <CITY>Ancaster</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>L9K
                1J4</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(905) 648-2131</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>admissions@redeemer.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.redeemer.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1982"/>, current name adopted 2000</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: private</CONTROL>
          <LANGUAGE>
            <SPOKEN LANG="English"/>
          </LANGUAGE>
          <ACAD-YEAR>
            <FROM-MONTH MONTH="SEPTEMBER"/>
            <TO-MONTH MONTH="APRIL"/>
          </ACAD-YEAR>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="ACTING">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>David</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Zietsma</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="ACTING">Provost and Vice-Pres. for Acad.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Kyle</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Spyksma</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dean for Students</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Kevin</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Johnson</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Registrar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Kim</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Lammers</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Library Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Marlene</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Power</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="100000"/> vols</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT>
              <TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="80"/>
            </TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT>
              <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="1000"/>
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Humanities</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Karen</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Dieleman </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Sciences</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Kyle</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Spyksma </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Social Sciences</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <VERBATIM-NAME>Susan J. van Weelden</VERBATIM-NAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="MGS.080103.0003" TOWN="Victoria" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000330A"
        PREVUPDATES="12.02.2009, 03.09.2014,11.12.2015, 24.11.2017, 22.03.2018" UPDATED="12.06.2019"
        DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Royal Roads University</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>2005 Sooke Rd, <CITY>Victoria</CITY>, BC <POSTCODE>V9B 5Y2
              </POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(250) 391-2511</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>admissions@royalroads.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.royalroads.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1995"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Kathleen M.</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Birney</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and Vice-Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Philip</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Steenkamp </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. and Chief Financial Officer</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Cheryl</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Eason</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Acad. Affairs and Provost</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Stephen</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Grundy </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Communications and Advancement</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Katharine</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Harrold</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Global Advancement, Marketing and Business
              Devt</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Pedro</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>M&amp;aacute;rquez </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Univ. Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Rosie</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Croft</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT>
              <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="3000"/>
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Management</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>William R.</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME> Holmes</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Social and Applied Sciences</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Brigitte</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Harris </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.5.1.40" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000331"
        PREVUPDATES="18/08/01, 12.06.2002, 10.07.2014, 22.08.2016, 26.08.2016, 20.04.2017, 02.08.2017, 02.04.2018, 24.06.2020, 29.06.2020"
        UPDATED="24.01.2022" PREVRETURNS="07.07.2004" RETURNED="07.04.2010" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Ryerson University</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>350 Victoria St, <CITY>Toronto</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>M5B
              2K3</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(416) 979-5000</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>international@ryerson.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.ryerson.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1948"/> as Ryerson Institute of Technology, present
              status 1993, current name adopted 2002</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
          <LANGUAGE>
            <SPOKEN LANG="English"/>
          </LANGUAGE>
          <ACAD-YEAR>
            <FROM-MONTH MONTH="SEPTEMBER"/>
            <TO-MONTH MONTH="APRIL"/>
          </ACAD-YEAR>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Lawrence S.</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Bloomberg</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and Vice-Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Mohamed</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Lachemi</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Provost and Vice-Pres. for Acad.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME> Jennifer S.</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Simpson</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Admin. and Operations</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Saeed</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Zolfaghari</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Research and Innovation</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Steven N.</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Liss </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Univ. Advancement and Alumni Relations</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Ian</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Mishkel</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Registrar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Charmaine</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Hack</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chief Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Carol</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Shepstone</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT>
              <TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="770"/>
            </TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT>
              <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="43000"/>
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Arts</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Pamela</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Sugiman</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Communication and Design</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Charles</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Falzon</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Community Services</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Lisa</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Barnoff</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Engineering, Architecture and Science </SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Thomas</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Duever</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Law</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Donna</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Young</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Science</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Imogen</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Coe</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">G. Raymond Chang School of Continuing Education</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Marie</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Bountrogianni </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Ted Rogers School of Management</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Avner</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Levin</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Yeates School of Graduate Studies</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Jennifer</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Mactavish</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.5.1.41" TOWN="Antigonish" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000332"
        PREVUPDATES="18/08/01; 11/08/00, 12.06.2002, 03.09.2014, 10.12.2015, 19.01.2016, 28.03.2018, 21.02.2020, 17.08.2020"
        UPDATED="06.09.2022" PREVRETURNS="26.04.2004; 28.06.2004" RETURNED="12.07.2005" DP="NO"
        SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>St Francis Xavier University</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Rita Murray</CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>POB 5000, <CITY>Antigonish</CITY>, NS <POSTCODE>B2G 2W5
              </POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="LOCATION" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>5005 Chapel Sq., <CITY>Antigonish</CITY>, NS <POSTCODE> B2G
                2W5</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(902) 863-3300</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>admit@stfx.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.stfx.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1853"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
          <LANGUAGE>
            <SPOKEN LANG="English"/>
          </LANGUAGE>
          <ACAD-YEAR>
            <FROM-MONTH MONTH="SEPTEMBER"/>
            <TO-MONTH MONTH="MAY"/>
          </ACAD-YEAR>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>John</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Peacock </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and Vice-Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Andrew</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Hakin </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Provost and Vice-Pres. for Acad.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Amanda</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Cockshutt </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Finance and Admin.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Monica</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Foster</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="VACANT">Vice-Pres. for Univ. Advancement</JOB>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Students</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Elizabeth</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Yeo</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Registrar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Tara</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Buksaitis</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Univ. Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Sandy</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Iverson</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT>see under Libraries and Archives</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT>
              <TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="200"/>
            </TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT><STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="5200"/> (4,200 full-time, 1,000 part-time)
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Arts</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Karen</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Brebner </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Education</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Lace Marie</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME> Brogden</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING">Gerald Schwartz School of Business</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Bobbi</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Morrison </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Science</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Joe</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Apaloo</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="PROFESSORS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Anderson</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Earth Sciences</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Aquino</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Chemistry</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Aspin</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Modern Languages</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Baldner</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Philosophy</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Beck</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Chemistry</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Beltrami</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>H.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Earth Sciences</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Bernard</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>I.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Education </SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Bickerton</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Political Science</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Bigelow</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Psychology</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Bilek</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>L.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Human Kinetics</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Brooks</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>G. P.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Psychology</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Buckland-Nicks</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Biology</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Callaghan</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>T.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Psychology</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Clancy</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Political Science</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>DeMont</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>E.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Biology</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>den Heyer</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>K.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Psychology</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Dossa</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>S. A.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Political Science</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Duncan</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>C. M.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Business Administration</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Edwards</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Psychology</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>El-Sheikh</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Economics</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Gallant</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>C. D.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Mathematics, Statistics and Computer Science</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Gallant</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>L.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Business Administration</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Gallant</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Human Kinetics</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Garbary</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Biology</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Gerge</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Music</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Gerriets</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Economics</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Gillis</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Nursing</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Grant</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Education </SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Grenier</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>Y.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Political Science</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Harrison</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>J. F.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Political Science</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Henke</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Psychology</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Hogan</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>M. P.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> History</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Holloway</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Political Science</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Hunter</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Physics</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Jackson</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>W.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Sociology and Anthropology</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Jacono</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Nursing </SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Jan</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>N.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Physics</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Johnson</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>R. W.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Psychology</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Klapstein</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Chemistry</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Kocay</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>V.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Modern Languages</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Langille</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>E.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Modern Languages</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Liengme</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>B.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Chemistry</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>McAlduff</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>E.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Chemistry</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>MacCaull</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>W.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Mathematics, Statistics and Computer Science</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>MacDonald</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>B.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Religious Studies</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>MacDonald</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>M. Y.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Religious Studies</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>MacEachern</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Mathematics, Statistics and Computer Science</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>MacFarlane</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>E.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Nursing</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>McGillivray</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> English</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>MacInnes</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Sociology and Anthropology</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Madden</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>R. F.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Business Administration</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Maragoni</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>G.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Chemistry </SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Marquis</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">English </SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Marshall</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>W. S.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Biology</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Melchin</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Earth Sciences</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Mensch</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Philosophy</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Milner</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> English</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Murphy</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>J. B.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Earth Sciences</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Naczk</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Human Nutrition</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Nash</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Sociology and Anthropology</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Newsome</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>G. E.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Biology</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Nilsen</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>K.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Celtic Studies</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Norris</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Education</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Orr</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Education</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Palepu</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Chemistry</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Phillips</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> History</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Phyne</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Anthropology and Sociology</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Quigley</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Adult Education</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Quinn</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Mathematics, Statistics and Computer Science</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Quinn</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>W. R.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Engineering</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Rasmussen</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Human Kinetics</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Schuegraf</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>E. J.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Mathematics, Statistics and Computer Science</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Seymour</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>N.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Biology</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Smith</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> English</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Smith</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>G.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Music </SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Smith-Palmer</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>T.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Chemistry</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Stanley-Blackwell</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>L.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">History</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Steinitz</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>M. O.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Physics</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Sweet</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>W.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Philosophy</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Taylor</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> English</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Trites</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>G.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Information Systems</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Wallbank</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>B.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Physics</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Wang</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Mathematics, Statistics and Computer Science</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Wehrell</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Extension </SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Wilputte</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>E.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> English</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Wood</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> English</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Wright</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>E.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Psychology</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.5.1.43" TOWN="Halifax" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000334"
        PREVUPDATES="18/08/2001;11/08/00, 29/06/2004, 26.02.2015, 08.07.2015, 09.02.2017, 29.03.2018, 31.07.2019"
        UPDATED="09.12.2021" PREVRETURNS="12.07.2005" RETURNED="22.03.2011" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Saint Mary&amp;rsquo;s University</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>923 Robie St, <CITY>Halifax</CITY>, NS <POSTCODE>B3H 3C3
              </POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(902) 420-5400</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>admission.status@smu.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.smu.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1802"/>, present name and status 1952</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
          <ACAD-YEAR>
            <FROM-MONTH MONTH="SEPTEMBER"/>
            <TO-MONTH MONTH="MAY"/>
          </ACAD-YEAR>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Michael</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Durland</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Robert</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Summerby-Murray </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Acad. and Research</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr </ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Malcolm</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Butler </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Finance and Admin.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Michellet</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Benoi</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Advancement</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Erin Sargeant</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Greenwood</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Assoc. Vice-Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Tom</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Brophy</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Registrar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Tanya</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Killam</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Univ. Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <VERBATIM-NAME>Suzanne van den Hoogen</VERBATIM-NAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="291000"/> vols, 27,000 electronic data</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT>
              <TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="240"/>
            </TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT>
              <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="7000"/>
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Arts</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Mary</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Ingraham </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Graduate Studies and Research</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Adam</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Sarty</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Science</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Lori</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Francis </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Sobey School of Business</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Harjeet</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Bhabra </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="PROFESSORS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Amirkhalkhai</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Economics</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Arya</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>P. L.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Economics</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Barrett</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>G.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Sociology</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Bowlby</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Religious Studies</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Boyle</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>W. P.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Engineering</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Catano</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>V. M.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Psychology</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Chamard</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>J. C.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Management</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Charles</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Finance and Management Science</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Cheng</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>T.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Accounting</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Chesley</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>G. R.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Accounting</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Christiansen-Ruffman</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>L.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Sociology and Women's Studies</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Clarke</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Astronomy and Physics</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Cone</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Biology</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Dar</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Economics</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Darley</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Psychology</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Das</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>H.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Management</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Davis</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Anthropology</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Deupree</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Astronomy and Physics</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Dixon</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Finance and Management Science</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Doak</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>E. J.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Economics</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Dodds</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>J. C.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Finance and Management Science</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Dostal</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Geology</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Elson</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>C.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Chemistry</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Emms</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Modern Languages and Classics</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Erickson</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>P. A.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Anthropology</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Farrell</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Modern Languages and Classics</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Fitzgerald</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Management</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Gorman</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>B.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Accounting</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Guenther</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Astronomy and Physics</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Haigh</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>E.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> History</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Hartnell</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>B.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Mathematics and Computing Science</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Harvey</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Economics</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Hill</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>K.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Psychology</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Howell</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>C. D.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> History and Atlantic Canada Studies</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Katz</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>W.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> English</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Kelloway</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>K.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Management and Psychology</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Kiang</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>M.-J.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Mathematics and Computing Science</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Kim</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>C.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Marketing</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Konapasky</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Psychology</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Landes</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Political Science</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Larsen</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>M. J.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> English</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Lee</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>E.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Finance and Management Science</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Lingrar</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Mathematics and Computing Science</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>McCalla</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Geography</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>MacDonald</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Economics and Women&amp;rsquo;s Studies</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>MacDonald</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>R. A.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">English</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>McGee</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>H.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Anthropology</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>McMullen</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Sociology</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Miciak</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Marketing</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Millar</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>H.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Finance and Management Science</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Mills</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Management</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Millward</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>H.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Geography</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Mitchell</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>G.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Astronomy and Physics</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Morrison</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>J. H.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">History and Asian Studies</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Muir</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Mathematics</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Mukhopadhyay</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>A. K.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Economics</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Murphy</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Religious Studies</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Owen</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>V.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Geology</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Parker</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> English</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Pendse</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Management</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Pe-Piper</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>G.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Geology</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Rand</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Biology</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Reid</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>J. G.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> History and Atlantic Canada Studies</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Richardson</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>D. H. S.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Biology</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Sastry</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>V.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Engineering</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Seamen</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> English</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Siddiqui</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>Q.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Geology</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Strongman</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Biology and Forensic Science</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Swingler</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Engineering</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Tarnawski</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>V.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Engineering</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Thomas</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>G.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> English</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Turner</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>D. G.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Astronomy and Physics</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Twomey</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>R. J.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> History</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Vaughan</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>K.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Chemistry</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Veltmeyer</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>H.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Sociology, International Development Studies</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Vessey</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>K.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Biology</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Wagar</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>T.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Management</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Wein</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Philosophy</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Young</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>N.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Accounting</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.201709051709.0001" TOWN="St Stephen" INDEX="Y"
        PREVUPDATES="05.09.2017, 17.04.2018, 20.08.2020" UPDATED="25.02.2022" PREVRETURNS=""
        RETURNED="" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>St Stephen's University</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Registrar Office <EMAIL>registrar@ssu.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>8 Main St, <CITY>St Stephen</CITY>, NB <POSTCODE>E3L 3E2
              </POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(506) 466-1781</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>ssu@ssu.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.ssu.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1975"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ACAD-YEAR>
            <FROM-MONTH MONTH="SEPTEMBER"/>
            <TO-MONTH MONTH="APRIL"/>
          </ACAD-YEAR>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: private</CONTROL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Joseph</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>McGinn </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dean for Arts</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Walter</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Thiessen</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dean for Min. Studies</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Peter</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Fitch</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Assoc. Registrar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Debbie</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>MacDonald</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.201709061311.0001" TOWN="Fredericton" INDEX="Y"
        PREVUPDATES="06.09.2017, 19.04.2018, 20.09.2018, 05.05.2021, 04.04.2022"
        UPDATED="19.01.2023" PREVRETURNS="" RETURNED="" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>St Thomas University</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Ashlen Henry, Dir of Marketing
            <EMAIL>ahenry@stu.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>51 Dineen Dr., <CITY>Fredericton</CITY>, NB <POSTCODE>E3B
                5G3</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(506) 452-0640</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>admissions@stu.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.stu.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1910"/>, current name adopted 1960</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
          <ACAD-YEAR>
            <FROM-MONTH MONTH="SEPTEMBER"/>
            <TO-MONTH MONTH="APRIL"/>
          </ACAD-YEAR>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">schools of education, social work</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Hon.</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Graydon</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Nicholas </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="ACTING">Pres. and Vice-Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Kim</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Fenwick </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Acad. and Research</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Kim</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Fenwick </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Finance and Admin.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>James</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Culligan</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Advancement and Alumni Relations</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Jodi</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Misheal</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Registrar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Karen</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Preston</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dean for Libraries</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Lesley</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Balcom</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT>
              <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="1800"/>
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
          <PUB-GRP>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Narrative Works</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>2 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Revue d&amp;rsquo;&amp;Eacute;tudes Sur le Nouveau-Brunswick</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>1 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
          </PUB-GRP>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Humanities</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Andr&amp;eacute;</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME> Loiselle</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Social Sciences</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Susan</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Machum </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.5.1.46" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000337"
        PREVUPDATES="11.09.2009; 29.06.2004, 12.07.2010, 26.12.2014, 02.12.2015, 07.10.2016, 14.03.2017, 22.03.2018, , 26.05.2020, 25.08.2020, 23.11.2020, 23.03.2021"
        UPDATED="24.01.2022"
        PREVRETURNS="11.06.2007, 19.05.2015, 10.01.2017, 21.02.2018, 10.05.2021"
        RETURNED="18.01.2022" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Simon Fraser University</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Caryn Cameron, Web Co-ordinator, Student Services, <EMAIL>
              cgc@sfu.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>8888 University Dr., <CITY>Burnaby</CITY>, BC <POSTCODE> V5A
                1S6</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(778) 782-3111</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>reginfo@sfu.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.sfu.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1965"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
          <LANGUAGE>
            <SPOKEN LANG="English"/>
          </LANGUAGE>
          <ACAD-YEAR><FROM-MONTH MONTH="SEPTEMBER"/><TO-MONTH MONTH="AUGUST"/> (trimester
            system)</ACAD-YEAR>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">campuses in Surrey, Vancouver</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Tamara</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Vrooman </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and Vice-Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Joy</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Johnson </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Acad. and Provost</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Catherine</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Dauvergne </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Advancement and Alumni Engagement</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Erin</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Morantz</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Finance and Admin.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Martin</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Pochurko</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Research</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Dugan</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>O'Neil</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice Provost for Students and Int.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Rummana</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Khan Hemani</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dean for Libraries and Univ. Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Gwen</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Bird</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT>see under Libraries and Archives</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT>
              <TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="1000"/>
            </TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT>
              <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="37000"/>
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
          <PUB-GRP>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>International History Review</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>4 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
          </PUB-GRP>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Beedie School of Business</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Ujwal</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Kayande </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Applied Sciences</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Eugene</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Fiume </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Arts and Social Sciences</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Peter</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Hall</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Communication, Art and Technology </SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Carman</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Neustaedter </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Education</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Prof.</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Susan</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>O&amp;rsquo;Neill </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Environment</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Prof.</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Naomi</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Krogman </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Health Sciences</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Tania</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Bubela </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Science</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Michael</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Silverman </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Graduate Studies and Postdoctoral Studies </SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Jeff</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Derksen </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.201803211521.0001" TOWN="Edmonton" INDEX="Y"
        PREVUPDATES="21.03.2018, 22.09.2020" UPDATED="07.03.2022" PREVRETURNS="" RETURNED="" DP="NO"
        SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>The King's University</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>9125&amp;ndash;50 St, <CITY>Edmonton</CITY>, AB <POSTCODE>T6B
                2H3</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(780) 465-3500</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>admissions@kingsu.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.kingsu.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1979"/> as The King's College, present name and status
              2018</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Melanie</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Humphreys </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Acad. and Research</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Kristopher</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME> Ooms</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Admin. and Finance</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Ellen</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Vlieg-Paquette</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Advancement</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Dan</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>van Keeken</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Student Life and Dean for Students</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Michael</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Ferber </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Assoc. Vice-Pres. for Enrolment Management and Registrar </JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Allen</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Verbeek</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="ACTING">Dir of Library Services</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Shannon</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>D'Agnone</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="75000"/> vols, 200,000 electronic materials</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT>
              <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="820"/>
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Arts</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Arlette</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Zinck </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Education</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Lloyd</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Den Boer</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Natural Sciences</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Kristopher</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME> Ooms</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Social Sciences</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Christopher</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME> Peet</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Leder School of Business</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>John</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Mueller</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.201709051636.0001" INDEX="Y"
        PREVUPDATES="05.09.2017, 22.03.2018, 09.05.2018, 12.04.2019, 16.02.2021, 19.03.2021, 14.04.2021, 21.09.2021, 07.03.2022"
        UPDATED="27.07.2022" PREVRETURNS="" RETURNED="" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Thompson Rivers University</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Corey Wiwchar, Marketing Man.
            <EMAIL>cwiwchar@tru.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>805 TRU Way, <CITY>Kamloops</CITY>, BC <POSTCODE>V2C 0C8
              </POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(250) 828-5000</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>admissions@tru.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.tru.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1970"/> as Cariboo College, present name and status
              2005</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">campus in Williams Lake; incl. Open Learning
            campus</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Nathan</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Matthew</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and Vice-Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Brett</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Fairbairn </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Acad. and Provost</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Gillian</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Balfour </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Admin. and Finance</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Matt</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Milovick</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Advancement</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Christopher</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Seguin</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dean for Students</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Christine</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Adam</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Registrar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Michael</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Bluhm</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Univ. Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Brenda</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Mathenia</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT>
              <TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="420"/>
            </TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT>
              <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="25750"/>
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
          <PUB-GRP>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Canadian Journal of Comparative and Contemporary Law</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>1 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Small Cities Imprint</JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
          </PUB-GRP>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Adventure, Culinary Arts and Tourism </SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Doug</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Ellis</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Arts</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Richard</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>McCutcheon </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Education and Social Work</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Yasmin</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Dean</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Law</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Daleen</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Millard</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Science</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Tom</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Dickinson </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">School of Business and Economics</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Michael</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Henry</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">School of Nursing</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Rani H.</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Srivastava </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">School of Trades and Technology</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Baldev</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Pooni</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.5.1.48" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000339"
        PREVUPDATES="17.07.2002; 23/08/00, 02.09.2004, 10.07.2014, 28.04.2016, 26.08.2016, 04.04.2018,30.07.2019, 22.06.2020"
        UPDATED="09.12.2021" PREVRETURNS="30.06.2005; 02.09.2004" RETURNED="08.06.2007" DP="NO"
        SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Trent University</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Sybil Nunn-Thorn, Communications Office <EMAIL>
              communications@trentu.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>1600 West Bank Dr., <CITY>Peterborough</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> K9L
                0G2</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(705) 748-1011</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>liaison@trentu.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.trentu.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1964"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <LANGUAGE>
            <SPOKEN LANG="English"/>
          </LANGUAGE>
          <ACAD-YEAR>
            <FROM-MONTH MONTH="SEPTEMBER"/>
            <TO-MONTH MONTH="APRIL"/>
          </ACAD-YEAR>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">campus in Oshawa</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Stephen</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Stohn </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and Vice-Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Leo</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Groarke </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Provost and Vice-Pres. for Acad.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Michael</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Khan </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for External Relations and Advancement</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Julie</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Davis</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Finance and Admin.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Steven</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Pillar</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Research and Innovation</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Neil</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Emery</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Registrar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Tracy</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Al-Idrissi</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Univ. Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Robert F.</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Clarke</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT><TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="470"/> (325 full-time, 145 part-time) </TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT>
              <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="8940"/>
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Arts and Science (Humanities)</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Moira</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Howes</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Arts and Science (Science)</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Holger</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Hintelmann </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Arts and Science (Social Sciences)</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Mark</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Skinner </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Graduate Studies</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Craig</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Brunetti</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">School of Education and Professional Learning</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Catherine</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Bruce </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Trent-Fleming School of Nursing</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Kirsten</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Woodend </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.5.1.49" TOWN="Langley" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000340"
        PREVUPDATES="20/08/01, 22.01.2009, 23.08.2016, 26.08.2016, 19.04.2018, 30.07.2019, 18.09.2020, 15.04.2021, 20.04.2021, 16.02.2022"
        UPDATED="19.08.2022" PREVRETURNS="14.04.2010, 23 ,01.2021" RETURNED="24.02.2021" DP="NO"
        SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Trinity Western University</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Sannaz Burrell, Marketing Co-ordinator,
              <EMAIL>sannaz.burrell@twu.ca </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>22500 University Dr., <CITY>Langley</CITY> BC <POSTCODE> V2Y
                1Y1</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(604) 888-7511</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>admissions@twu.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.twu.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1962"/> as Trinity Jr College, present name and status
              1985</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: private</CONTROL>
          <LANGUAGE>
            <SPOKEN LANG="English"/>
          </LANGUAGE>
          <ACAD-YEAR>
            <FROM-MONTH MONTH="SEPTEMBER"/>
            <TO-MONTH MONTH="APRIL"/>
          </ACAD-YEAR>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">also faculty of humanities and social sciences;
            schools of graduate studies, law; campuses in Bellingham (USA), Ottawa,
            Richmond</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and Vice-Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Mark</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Husbands </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Provost</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Robert</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Wood</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Sr Vice-Pres. for Enrolment, Personal and Career Devt</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Brian</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Kerr</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Innovation, Global and Economic Partnerships</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Phil</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Laird</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Student Life</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Richard</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Taylor</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Univ. Registrar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Grant</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>McMillan</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Univ. Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Ted</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Goshulak</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="215000"/> vols, 250,000 eresources</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT><TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="420"/> (234 full-time, 186 part-time) </TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT>
              <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="4000"/>
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Natural and Applied Science</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Glen</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Van Brummelen</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">School of Business</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Kevin</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Sawatsky</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">School of Education</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Lara</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Ragpot </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">School of Human Kinetics</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Blair</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Whitmarsh</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">School of Nursing</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Sonya</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Grypma </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">School of the Arts, Media and Culture</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>David</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Squires </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.5.1.25" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000304"
        PREVUPDATES="07.10.2003, 27.01.2009, 06.12.2017, 26.03.2018" UPDATED="25.06.2020"
        PREVRETURNS="28.06.2004, 14.4.2010" RETURNED="30.03.2011" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Universit&amp;eacute; de Moncton</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Julie Pondant <EMAIL>pondanj@umoncton.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>Moncton Campus, 18 Antonine-Maillet Ave, <CITY>Moncton</CITY>, NB
                <POSTCODE>E1A 3E9</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(506) 858-4000</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@umoncton.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.umoncton.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1963"/> by merger of Coll&amp;egrave;ge Saint-Joseph,
              Coll&amp;egrave;ge du Sacr&amp;eacute;-C&amp;oelig;ur and Coll&amp;egrave;ge
              Saint-Louis</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <LANGUAGE>
            <SPOKEN LANG="French"/>
          </LANGUAGE>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
          <ACAD-YEAR>
            <FROM-MONTH MONTH="SEPTEMBER"/>
            <TO-MONTH MONTH="APRIL"/>
          </ACAD-YEAR>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">campuses in Edmundston, Shippagan</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Jean-Claude</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Savoie</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Rector and Vice-Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Denis</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Prud&amp;rsquo;homme</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Rector for Acad. and Research</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Andr&amp;eacute;</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Samson</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Rector for Admin. and Human Resources</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Edgar</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Robichaud</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Rector for Edmundston Campus</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Pierrette</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Fortin</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Rector for Shippagan Campus</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Sid-Ahmed</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Selouani</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chief Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <VERBATIM-NAME>Marthe Brideau</VERBATIM-NAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT>see under Libraries and Archives</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT>
              <TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="390"/> full-time</TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT><STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="5880"/> (5,060 full-time, 820 part-time)
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Administration</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>S&amp;eacute;bastien</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Desch&amp;ecirc;nes</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Arts and Social Sciences</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Jean-Fran&amp;ccedil;ois</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Thibault</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Educational Science</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Marianne M.</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Cormier</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Engineering</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Ing.</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Gilles</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Roy </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Health Sciences and Community Services </SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Natalie</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Carrier</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Law</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <VERBATIM-NAME>Fernand de Varennes</VERBATIM-NAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Sciences</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Pandurang V.</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Ashrit</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.5.1.26" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000305"
        PREVUPDATES="11.06.2002; 18/08/01; 11/08/00, 01.07.2010, 05.04.2018, 09.06.2020, 16.09.2020, 14.05.2021, 10.06.2021, 29.11.2021"
        UPDATED="15.06.2022" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Universit&amp;eacute; de Montr&amp;eacute;al</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>POB 6128, Centre-ville Station, <CITY>Montr&amp;eacute;al</CITY>, QC
                <POSTCODE>H3C 3J7</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(514) 343-6111</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>recteur@umontreal.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.umontreal.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1878"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
          <LANGUAGE>
            <SPOKEN LANG="French"/>
          </LANGUAGE>
          <ACAD-YEAR>
            <FROM-MONTH MONTH="SEPTEMBER"/>
            <TO-MONTH MONTH="AUGUST"/>
          </ACAD-YEAR>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">also school of optometry; incl. Hautes
            &amp;Eacute;tudes Commerciales Montr&amp;eacute;al, Polytechnique Montr&amp;eacute;al,
            dept of kinesiology</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Frantz</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Saintellemy</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Rector</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Daniel</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Jutras</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Rector for Admin. and Finance</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>&amp;Eacute;ric</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Filteau</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Rector for Community and Int. Partnerships</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Val&amp;eacute;rie</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Amiraux</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Rector for Research, Discovery, Creation and Innovation </JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Marie-Jos&amp;eacute;e</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>H&amp;eacute;bert</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Rector for Student and Acad. Affairs</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Pascal</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME> Lefrancois</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Registrar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Marie-Claude</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Binette</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Sec.-Gen.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Alexandre</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Chabot</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir-Gen. of Libraries</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>St&amp;eacute;phanie</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Gagnon</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT>see under Libraries and Archives</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT>
              <TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="7400"/>
            </TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT>
              <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="69170"/>
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Arts and Sciences</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Fr&amp;eacute;d&amp;eacute;ric</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Bouchard</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Continuing Education</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Michel</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Janosz</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING">Faculty of Dentistry</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Michel</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Carrier </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING">Faculty of Education</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Serge J.</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Lariv&amp;eacute;e</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Environment Design</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Rapha&amp;euml;l</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Fischler </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Law</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>France</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Houle</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Medicine</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Patrick</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Cossette </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Music</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Nathalie</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Fernando</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Nursing</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Sylvie</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Dubois</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Pharmacy</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Simon</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>de Denus</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Veterinary Medicine</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Christine</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Theoret</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">School of Public Health</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Carl-Ardy</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Dubois</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.201803261451.0001" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="26.03.2018" UPDATED="07.03.2022"
        PREVRETURNS="" RETURNED="02.06.2020" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Universit&amp;eacute; de Saint-Boniface</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Bureau de Recrutement</CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>200 De la Cath&amp;eacute;drale Ave, <CITY>Winnipeg</CITY>, MB
                <POSTCODE>R2H 0H7</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(204) 237-1818</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@ustboniface.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.ustboniface.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1818"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Sophie</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Bouffard</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Acad. and Research</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Peter</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Dorrington</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Admin. and Finances</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Ren&amp;eacute;</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Bouchard</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Registrar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Christine</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Mah&amp;eacute;-Napastiuk</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="ACTING">Dir of Library</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Daniel</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Beaulieu</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <PUB-GRP>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Cahiers Franco-Canadiens de l'Ouest</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>2 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
          </PUB-GRP>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Arts</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Alexandre</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Brassard</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Education and Professional Studies </SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>St&amp;eacute;fan</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Delaquis</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Science</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Alexandre</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Brassard</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">School of Nursing Sciences and Health Studies </SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Daniel</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Gagn&amp;eacute;</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Technical and Professional College</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>M&amp;eacute;lanie</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Cwikla</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.5.1.45" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000336" PREVUPDATES="13/06/2002, 29/06/2004"
        UPDATED="06.04.2018"
        PREVRETURNS="27.04.2012, 28.04.2012, 22.01.2013, 18.02.2014, 14.01.2015, 17.05.2017,09.01.2018"
        RETURNED="18.03.2019" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Universit&amp;eacute; de Sherbrooke</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Helene.Grosjean, Research and Devt Agent
              <EMAIL>helene.grosjean@usherbrooke.ca </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>2500 Blvd de l&amp;rsquo;Universit&amp;eacute;, <CITY>Sherbrooke
              </CITY>, QC <POSTCODE>J1K 2R1</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(819) 821-8000</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>admission@usherbrooke.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.usherbrooke.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1954"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
          <LANGUAGE>
            <SPOKEN LANG="French"/>
          </LANGUAGE>
          <ACAD-YEAR>
            <FROM-MONTH MONTH="SEPTEMBER"/>
            <TO-MONTH MONTH="AUGUST"/>
          </ACAD-YEAR>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">campuses in Longueuil, Sherbrooke</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>H. E. Mgr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Luc </FORENAME>
              <SURNAME> Cyr</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
            <POSITION>Catholic Archbishop of Sherbrooke</POSITION>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Rector</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Prof.</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Pierre</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Cossette </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Rector for Acad.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Prof.</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Christine</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME> Hudon</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Rector for Admin. and Sustainable Devt</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Prof.</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Denyse</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>R&amp;eacute;millard </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Rector for Int. Relations</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Prof.</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Jean</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Goulet </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Rector for Research and Graduate Studies</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Prof.</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Jean-Pierre</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME> Perreault</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Sec.-Gen. and Vice-Rector for Student Life</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Prof.</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Jocelyne</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME> Faucher</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Registrar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Kim</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Lagueux Dugal</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir-Gen. for Libraries</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Sylvie</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Fournier</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT>1.6m. vols</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT>
              <TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="3400"/>
            </TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT>
              <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="41000"/>
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Education</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Prof.</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Serge</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Striganuk </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Engineering</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Prof.</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Patrik</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Doucet </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Humanities</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Prof.</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Anick</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Lessard </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Law</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Prof.</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>S&amp;eacute;bastien</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Lebel-Grenier</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Medicine and Health Sciences</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Prof. Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Dominique</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME> Dorion</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Physical Education and Sports</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Prof.</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Isabelle</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME> Dionne</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Sciences</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Prof.</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Carole</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Beaulieu </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">School of Management</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Prof.</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Fran&amp;ccedil;ois</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME> Coderre</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.5.1.35" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000315"
        PREVUPDATES="22.08.2001, 12.8.2009, 06.09.2017, 05.04.2018" UPDATED="25.01.2023"
        PREVRETURNS="23.05.2005, 03.04.2013" RETURNED="08.01.2020" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Universit&amp;eacute; du Qu&amp;eacute;bec</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Val&amp;eacute;rie Reuillard, Communications Dir
              <EMAIL>valerie.reuillard@uquebec.ca </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>475 rue de Parvis, <CITY>Qu&amp;eacute;bec</CITY>, QC <POSTCODE> G1K
                9H7</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(418) 657-3551</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>information@uquebec.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.uquebec.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1968"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
          <LANGUAGE>
            <SPOKEN LANG="French"/>
          </LANGUAGE>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Johanne</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Jean</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Admin.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Isabelle</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Boucher</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Education and Research</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Lyne</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Sauvageau</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Sec.-Gen.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Andr&amp;eacute; G.</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Roy</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT>2.3m. vols</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT>
              <TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="2620"/>
            </TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT>
              <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="100000"/>
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
        </BLOCK>
        <ATTACHED-GRP ID="CA.5.1.35.1">
          <ATTACHED-GRP-TITLE>Constituent Institutions</ATTACHED-GRP-TITLE>
          <ATTACH-LIST ID="CA.5.1.35.1.1">
            <PRIMARY ID="CA.5.1.35.1.1.2" INDEX="Y" APPID="317"
              PREVUPDATES="12.06.2002, 06.09.2017, 06.04.2018" UPDATED="09.12.2021"
              PREVRETURNS="01.07.2005" RETURNED="11.01.2021" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
              <TIBLOCK>
                <TITLE>Universit&amp;eacute; du Qu&amp;eacute;bec &amp;agrave; Chicoutimi</TITLE>
              </TIBLOCK>
              <BLOCK>
                <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Mireille Claveau,
                  <EMAIL>mireille1.claveau@uqac.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
                <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
                  <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>555 Blvd de l&amp;rsquo;Universit&amp;eacute;, <CITY>Chicoutimi
                    </CITY>, QC <POSTCODE>G7H 2B1</POSTCODE>
                  </VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
                </ADDRESS>
                <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
                  <NUMBER>(418) 545-5011</NUMBER>
                </TEL>
                <EMAIL>info_international@uqac.ca</EMAIL>
                <WWW>www.uqac.ca</WWW>
                <FOUNDED>
                  <FOUND-PTEXT>
                    <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1969"/>
                  </FOUND-PTEXT>
                </FOUNDED>
                <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
                <LANGUAGE>
                  <SPOKEN LANG="French"/>
                </LANGUAGE>
                <ACAD-YEAR>
                  <FROM-MONTH MONTH="SEPTEMBER"/>
                  <TO-MONTH MONTH="APRIL"/>
                </ACAD-YEAR>
                <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">depts of applied sciences, arts and letters,
                  basic sciences, computer science and mathematics, economics and administrative
                  sciences, educational sciences, health sciences, humanities and social sciences;
                  school of digital arts, animation and design; school of French language and Quebec
                  culture</GEN-INFO>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Rector</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Ghislain</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Bourque</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Rector for Admin. Affairs</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Dominique</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Biron</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Rector for Partnerships, Int. and Indigenous Affairs </JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Alexandre</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Cloutier</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Rector for Research, Creation and Innovation</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Mohamed</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Bouazara</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir of Int. Office</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Guylaine</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Boivin</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Registrar</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Nicolas</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Loiselle</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Library Dir</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Nathalie</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Villeneuve</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
                  <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="250000"/> vols, 51,750 ejournals, 330 print journals
                  </LIB-PTEXT>
                </LIB-VOL>
                <TEACHER>
                  <TEACH-PTEXT>
                    <TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="240"/>
                  </TEACH-PTEXT>
                </TEACHER>
                <STUDENT>
                  <STUDENT-PTEXT>
                    <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="6500"/>
                  </STUDENT-PTEXT>
                </STUDENT>
              </BLOCK>
            </PRIMARY>
            <PRIMARY ID="CA.5.1.35.1.1.4" INDEX="Y" APPID="319"
              PREVUPDATES="18/8/01ed2, 06.09.2017, 06.04.2018, 06.07.2020" UPDATED="21.09.2020"
              DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
              <TIBLOCK>
                <TITLE>Universit&amp;eacute; du Qu&amp;eacute;bec &amp;agrave;
                  Montr&amp;eacute;al</TITLE>
              </TIBLOCK>
              <BLOCK>
                <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
                  <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>Centre-ville Station, POB 8888,
                    <CITY>Montr&amp;eacute;al</CITY>, QC <POSTCODE>H3C
                    3P8</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
                </ADDRESS>
                <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
                  <NUMBER>(514) 987-3000</NUMBER>
                </TEL>
                <EMAIL>general@uqam.ca</EMAIL>
                <WWW>www.uqam.ca</WWW>
                <FOUNDED>
                  <FOUND-PTEXT>
                    <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1969"/>
                  </FOUND-PTEXT>
                </FOUNDED>
                <LANGUAGE>
                  <SPOKEN LANG="French"/>
                </LANGUAGE>
                <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Rector</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Magda</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Fusaro</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="ACTING">Vice-Rector for Acad. Life</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Danielle</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Laberge</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Rector for Human Resources, Admin. and Finance</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Andr&amp;eacute;</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Dorion</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="ACTING">Vice-Rector for Information Systems</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Magda</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Fusaro</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Rector for Research and Creation</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Catherine</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Mounier</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Registrar</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Brigitte</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Groulx</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir.-Gen. of Libraries</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Lynda</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Gadoury</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
                  <LIB-PTEXT>2.3m. vols</LIB-PTEXT>
                </LIB-VOL>
                <TEACHER>
                  <TEACH-PTEXT>
                    <TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="3280"/>
                  </TEACH-PTEXT>
                </TEACHER>
                <STUDENT>
                  <STUDENT-PTEXT>
                    <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="41580"/>
                  </STUDENT-PTEXT>
                </STUDENT>
              </BLOCK>
              <ADDONLIST>
                <ROLELIST>
                  <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
                  <STAFFLIST>
                    <STAFF>
                      <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING">Faculty of Arts</SUBJECT>
                      <NAME>
                        <FORENAME>Joanne</FORENAME>
                        <SURNAME>Lalonde</SURNAME>
                      </NAME>
                    </STAFF>
                    <STAFF>
                      <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Communications</SUBJECT>
                      <NAME>
                        <FORENAME>Gaby</FORENAME>
                        <SURNAME>Hsab</SURNAME>
                      </NAME>
                    </STAFF>
                    <STAFF>
                      <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Education</SUBJECT>
                      <NAME>
                        <FORENAME>Monique</FORENAME>
                        <SURNAME>Brodeur</SURNAME>
                      </NAME>
                    </STAFF>
                    <STAFF>
                      <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Political Science and Law</SUBJECT>
                      <NAME>
                        <FORENAME>Hugo</FORENAME>
                        <SURNAME>Cyr</SURNAME>
                      </NAME>
                    </STAFF>
                    <STAFF>
                      <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Sciences</SUBJECT>
                      <NAME>
                        <FORENAME>Normand</FORENAME>
                        <SURNAME>S&amp;eacute;guin</SURNAME>
                      </NAME>
                    </STAFF>
                    <STAFF>
                      <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Social Sciences</SUBJECT>
                      <NAME>
                        <FORENAME>Jos&amp;eacute;e S.</FORENAME>
                        <SURNAME>Lafond</SURNAME>
                      </NAME>
                    </STAFF>
                    <STAFF>
                      <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">School of Management</SUBJECT>
                      <NAME>
                        <FORENAME>Beno&amp;icirc;t</FORENAME>
                        <SURNAME>Bazoge</SURNAME>
                      </NAME>
                    </STAFF>
                  </STAFFLIST>
                </ROLELIST>
              </ADDONLIST>
            </PRIMARY>
            <PRIMARY ID="CA.5.1.35.1.1.5" INDEX="Y" APPID="320" PREVUPDATES="07.09.2017, 06.04.2018"
              UPDATED="07.03.2022" PREVRETURNS="16.03.2011" RETURNED="13.03.2013" DP="NO"
              SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
              <TIBLOCK>
                <TITLE>Universit&amp;eacute; du Qu&amp;eacute;bec &amp;agrave; Rimouski</TITLE>
              </TIBLOCK>
              <BLOCK>
                <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Jean-Pierre Ouellet, Rector
                  <EMAIL>rector@uqar.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
                <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
                  <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>300 all&amp;eacute;e des Ursulines, POB 3300, Station A, <CITY>
                      Rimouski</CITY>, QC <POSTCODE>G5L 3A1</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
                </ADDRESS>
                <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
                  <NUMBER>(418) 723-1986</NUMBER>
                </TEL>
                <EMAIL>uqar@uqar.ca</EMAIL>
                <WWW>www.uqar.ca</WWW>
                <FOUNDED>
                  <FOUND-PTEXT>
                    <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1969"/>
                  </FOUND-PTEXT>
                </FOUNDED>
                <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
                <LANGUAGE>
                  <SPOKEN LANG="French"/>
                </LANGUAGE>
                <ACAD-YEAR>
                  <FROM-MONTH MONTH="SEPTEMBER"/>
                  <TO-MONTH MONTH="APRIL"/>
                </ACAD-YEAR>
                <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">depts of biology, chemistry and geography;
                  letters and humanities; mathematics, computer science and engineering; nursing;
                  psychosociology and social work; societies, territories and development; incl.
                  Rimouski Institute of Ocean Sciences; campus in L&amp;eacute;vis</GEN-INFO>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Rector</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Jean-Pierre</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Ouellet</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Rector for Human Resources and Admin.</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Marjolaine</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Viel</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Rector for L&amp;eacute;vis Campus and Planning</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Lucie</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Laflamme</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Rector for Student Life and Sec.-Gen.</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>David</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Ouellet</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Rector for Teaching and Research</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Fran&amp;ccedil;ois</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Desch&amp;ecirc;nes</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dean for Research</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Pietro-Luciano</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Buono</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dean for Studies</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Fr&amp;eacute;d&amp;eacute;ric</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Deschenaux</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Library Dir</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Isabelle-Annie</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Levesque</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
                  <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="226380"/> vols</LIB-PTEXT>
                </LIB-VOL>
                <TEACHER>
                  <TEACH-PTEXT>
                    <TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="540"/>
                  </TEACH-PTEXT>
                </TEACHER>
                <STUDENT>
                  <STUDENT-PTEXT>
                    <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="6850"/>
                  </STUDENT-PTEXT>
                </STUDENT>
              </BLOCK>
            </PRIMARY>
            <PRIMARY ID="CA.5.1.35.1.1.6" INDEX="Y" APPID="321"
              PREVUPDATES="18/8/01ed2, 12.06.2002, 07.09.2017, 06.04.2018" UPDATED="14.05.2021"
              PREVRETURNS="02.04.2013, 03.03.2014, 27.04.2015, 28.04.2015, 08.05.2015"
              RETURNED="24.03.2016" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
              <TIBLOCK>
                <TITLE>Universit&amp;eacute; du Qu&amp;eacute;bec &amp;agrave;
                  Trois-Rivi&amp;egrave;res</TITLE>
              </TIBLOCK>
              <BLOCK>
                <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Gaetan Lafond, Recruitment Officer, <EMAIL>
                    gaetan.lafond@uqtr.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
                <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
                  <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>3351 Blvd des Forges, POB 500, <CITY>Trois-Rivi&amp;egrave;res
                    </CITY>, QC <POSTCODE>G9A 5H7</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
                </ADDRESS>
                <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
                  <NUMBER>(819) 376-5011</NUMBER>
                </TEL>
                <EMAIL>crmultiservice@uqtr.ca</EMAIL>
                <WWW>www.uqtr.ca</WWW>
                <FOUNDED>
                  <FOUND-PTEXT>
                    <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1969"/>
                  </FOUND-PTEXT>
                </FOUNDED>
                <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
                <ACAD-YEAR>
                  <FROM-MONTH MONTH="SEPTEMBER"/>
                  <TO-MONTH MONTH="APRIL"/>
                </ACAD-YEAR>
                <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">depts of accounting sciences; anatomy;
                  chemical engineering; chemistry, biochemistry and physics; chiropractic;
                  educational sciences; electrical engineering and computer engineering;
                  environmental sciences; finance and economics; human resources management;
                  industrial engineering; leisure, culture and tourism studies; letters and social
                  communication; management; marketing and information systems; mathematics and
                  computer science; mechanical engineering; medical biology; midwifery practice;
                  modern languages and translation; nursing; occupational therapy; philosophy and
                  arts; physical activity; psychoeducation; psychology; social science; speech
                  therapy; incl. International School of French; schools of engineering;
                  management</GEN-INFO>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Rector</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Christian</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Blanchette</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Rector for Acad. and Training</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Catherine</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Parissier</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Rector for Admin. and Finance</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Charles</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Nadeau</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Rector for Research and Devt</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Robert W.</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Mantha</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Library Dir</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Benoit</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>S&amp;eacute;guin</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
                  <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="450000"/> vols</LIB-PTEXT>
                </LIB-VOL>
                <TEACHER>
                  <TEACH-PTEXT>
                    <TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="450"/>
                  </TEACH-PTEXT>
                </TEACHER>
                <STUDENT>
                  <STUDENT-PTEXT>
                    <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="14330"/>
                  </STUDENT-PTEXT>
                </STUDENT>
              </BLOCK>
            </PRIMARY>
            <PRIMARY ID="CA.5.1.35.1.1.1" INDEX="Y" APPID="316"
              PREVUPDATES="07.09.2017, 06.04.2018, 09.12.2021" UPDATED="07.03.2022"
              RETURNED="26.01.2018" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
              <TIBLOCK>
                <TITLE>Universit&amp;eacute; du Qu&amp;eacute;b&amp;eacute;c en
                  Abitibi-T&amp;eacute;miscamingue </TITLE>
              </TIBLOCK>
              <BLOCK>
                <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Anne-Marie Nadeau, Recruitment Agent
                    <EMAIL>anne-marie.nadeau@uqat.ca </EMAIL></CONTACT>
                <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
                  <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>445 Blvd de l&amp;rsquo;Universit&amp;eacute;,
                      <CITY>Rouyn-Noranda </CITY>, QC <POSTCODE>J9X
                    5E4</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
                </ADDRESS>
                <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
                  <NUMBER>(819) 762-0971</NUMBER>
                </TEL>
                <EMAIL>information@uqat.ca</EMAIL>
                <WWW>www.uqat.ca</WWW>
                <FOUNDED>
                  <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1981"/> as Centre d&amp;rsquo;&amp;Eacute;tudes
                    Universitaires, current name adopted 1984</FOUND-PTEXT>
                </FOUNDED>
                <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Rector</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Vincent</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Rousson</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Rector for Acad., Research and Creation</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Manon</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Champagne</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Rector for Resources</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Luc</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Boisvert</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Sec.-Gen.</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Martine</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Rioux</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dean for Acad. and Management Studies</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Patrice</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Leblanc</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Registrar and Dir for Student Services</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Patrice</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Leblanc</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Library Dir</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Fran&amp;ccedil;ois</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>de la Chevroti&amp;egrave;re </SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
                  <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="201000"/> vols</LIB-PTEXT>
                </LIB-VOL>
                <TEACHER>
                  <TEACH-PTEXT>
                    <TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="370"/>
                  </TEACH-PTEXT>
                </TEACHER>
                <STUDENT>
                  <STUDENT-PTEXT>
                    <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="5000"/>
                  </STUDENT-PTEXT>
                </STUDENT>
              </BLOCK>
            </PRIMARY>
            <PRIMARY ID="CA.5.1.35.1.1.3" INDEX="Y" APPID="318"
              PREVUPDATES="12.06.2002, 01.06.2009, 07.09.2017, 06.04.2018" UPDATED="07.03.2022"
              PREVRETURNS="30.04.2009, 07.01.2019, 16.02.2019, 07.01.2020, 20.01.2021"
              RETURNED="05.01.2022" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
              <TIBLOCK>
                <TITLE>Universit&amp;eacute; du Qu&amp;eacute;bec en Outaouais</TITLE>
              </TIBLOCK>
              <BLOCK>
                <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Gilles Mailloux, Dir of Communications and Recruitment
                  Directorate <EMAIL>gilles.mailloux@uqo.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
                <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
                  <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>283 Blvd Alexandre-Tach&amp;eacute;, POB 1250, Hull Station,
                      <CITY> Gatineau</CITY>, QC <POSTCODE>J8X 3X7</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
                </ADDRESS>
                <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
                  <NUMBER>(819) 595-3900</NUMBER>
                </TEL>
                <EMAIL>registraire@uqo.ca</EMAIL>
                <WWW>www.uqo.ca</WWW>
                <FOUNDED>
                  <FOUND-PTEXT>
                    <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1970"/>
                  </FOUND-PTEXT>
                </FOUNDED>
                <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
                <LANGUAGE>
                  <SPOKEN LANG="French"/>
                </LANGUAGE>
                <ACAD-YEAR>
                  <FROM-MONTH MONTH="SEPTEMBER"/>
                  <TO-MONTH MONTH="JUNE"/>
                </ACAD-YEAR>
                <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">depts of accounting, administrative
                  sciences, computer science and engineering, education, industrial relations,
                  language studies, natural sciences, nursing, psychoeducation and psychology,
                  social sciences, social work incl. &amp;Eacute;cole Multidisciplinaire de l'Image;
                  campus in Saint-J&amp;eacute;r&amp;ocirc;me </GEN-INFO>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Rector</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Denis</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Harrisson</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Rector for Acad. and Research</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <VERBATIM-NAME>Sylvie B. de Grosbois</VERBATIM-NAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Rector for Admin. and Resources</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Yves</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Dupont</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dean for Acad. Management</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Mario</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Lepage</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dean for Continuing Education and Partnerships</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Robert</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Bilterys</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dean for Research</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Charmain</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Levy</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dean for Studies</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>H&amp;eacute;l&amp;egrave;ne</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Forget</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Registrar</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Pierre</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Tessier</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir of Library Services</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Daniel</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Gordon</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
                  <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="210000"/> vols</LIB-PTEXT>
                </LIB-VOL>
                <TEACHER>
                  <TEACH-PTEXT>
                    <TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="850"/>
                  </TEACH-PTEXT>
                </TEACHER>
                <STUDENT>
                  <STUDENT-PTEXT><STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="6800"/> (5,700 undergraduate, 1,100
                    graduates) </STUDENT-PTEXT>
                </STUDENT>
              </BLOCK>
            </PRIMARY>
            <PRIMARY ID="MGS.130103.0005" TOWN="Qu&amp;eacute;bec" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000326"
              PREVUPDATES="06.09.2017" UPDATED="06.04.2018" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
              <TIBLOCK>
                <TITLE>Universit&amp;eacute; T&amp;Eacute;LUQ</TITLE>
                <SUPP INDEX="1">T&amp;eacute;l&amp;eacute;-universit&amp;eacute;</SUPP>
              </TIBLOCK>
              <BLOCK>
                <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
                  <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>455 rue du Parvis, <CITY>Qu&amp;eacute;bec</CITY>, QC <POSTCODE>
                      G1K 9H6</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
                </ADDRESS>
                <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
                  <NUMBER>(418) 657-3695</NUMBER>
                </TEL>
                <EMAIL>communications@teluq.ca</EMAIL>
                <WWW>www.teluq.ca</WWW>
                <FOUNDED>
                  <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1972"/>, present status 2012</FOUND-PTEXT>
                </FOUNDED>
                <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
                <LANGUAGE>
                  <SPOKEN LANG="French"/>
                </LANGUAGE>
                <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">depts of education; humanities, letters and
                  communications; science and technology; school of administrative sciences; campus
                  in Montreal</GEN-INFO>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir-Gen.</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Martin</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>No&amp;euml;l</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir for Admin. Services</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Louse</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Boucher</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir for Education and Research</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Caroline</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Brassard</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir for External Affairs and Sec.-Gen.</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Julie</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Carle</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Registrar</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Luc</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Bouchard</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Librarian</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Marie-Jos&amp;eacute;e</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Drolet</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
                  <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="20000"/> vols</LIB-PTEXT>
                </LIB-VOL>
                <TEACHER>
                  <TEACH-PTEXT>
                    <TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="40"/>
                  </TEACH-PTEXT>
                </TEACHER>
                <STUDENT>
                  <STUDENT-PTEXT>
                    <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="20000"/>
                  </STUDENT-PTEXT>
                </STUDENT>
              </BLOCK>
            </PRIMARY>
          </ATTACH-LIST>
        </ATTACHED-GRP>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.5.1.19" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000298"
        PREVUPDATES="11.06.2002, 16.03.2009, 07.09.2017" UPDATED="10.04.2018"
        PREVRETURNS="22.06.2004, 19.05.2005, 09.01.2018, 07.01.2019, 21.01.2020"
        RETURNED="12.01.2021" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Universit&amp;eacute; Laval</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Brigitte Martin, Research Officer, Int. Office<EMAIL>
              brigitte.martin@bi.ulaval.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>2325 rue de l'Universit&amp;eacute;, <CITY>Qu&amp;eacute;bec</CITY>,
              QC <POSTCODE>G1V 0A6</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(418) 656-2131</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@ulaval.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.ulaval.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1663"/> as S&amp;eacute;minaire de Qu&amp;eacute;bec
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
          <LANGUAGE>
            <SPOKEN LANG="French"/>
          </LANGUAGE>
          <ACAD-YEAR>
            <FROM-MONTH MONTH="SEPTEMBER"/>
            <TO-MONTH MONTH="AUGUST"/>
          </ACAD-YEAR>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">incl. Institute for Advanced Int.
            Studies</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Rector</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Sophie</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>D'Amours</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Exec. Vice-Rector and Vice-Rector for Acad. and Student
              Affairs</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Robert</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Beauregard</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Rector for Admin.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Andr&amp;eacute;</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Darveau</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Rector for External and Int. Affairs and Health </JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>R&amp;eacute;nald</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Bergeron</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Rector for Research, Creation and Innovation</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Eug&amp;eacute;nie</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Brouillet</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Registrar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME> Christine</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Tremblay</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir of Library</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Loubna</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Ghaouti</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT>see under Libraries and Archives</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT>
              <TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="3830"/>
            </TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT>
              <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="43000"/>
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Agriculture and Food Sciences</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Jean-Claude</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Dufour</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Arts and Human Sciences</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Guillaume</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Pinson</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Business Administration</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Michel</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Gendron</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Dentistry</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Cathia</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Bergeron</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Education</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Fernand</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Gervais</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Forestry, Geography and Geomatics </SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Guy</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Mercier</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Graduate and Postdoctoral Studies </SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Jos&amp;eacute;e</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Bastien</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Law</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Anne-Marie</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Laflamme</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Medicine</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Julien</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Poitras</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Music</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Carmen</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Bernier</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Nursing</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Mireille</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Lavoie</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Pharmacy</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Jean</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Lefebvre</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Philosophy</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Victor</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Thibaudeau</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Planning, Architecture, Arts and
                  Design</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Alain</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Rochon</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Science and Engineering</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Andr&amp;eacute;</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Zaccarin</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Social Sciences</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Fran&amp;ccedil;ois</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>G&amp;eacute;lineau</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Theology and Religious Studies </SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Gilles</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Routhier</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.5.1.42" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000333"
        PREVUPDATES="11.08.2000, 13.06.2002, 29.06.2004" UPDATED="29.03.2018" RETURNED="30.03.2011"
        DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Universit&amp;eacute; Sainte-Anne</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>1695 Highway 1, <CITY>Church Point</CITY>, NS <POSTCODE> B0W
                1M0</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(902) 769-2114</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>admission@usainteanne.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.usainteanne.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1890"/>as Coll&amp;egrave;ge Sainte-Anne</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <LANGUAGE>
            <SPOKEN LANG="French"/>
          </LANGUAGE>
          <ACAD-YEAR>
            <FROM-MONTH MONTH="SEPTEMBER"/>
            <TO-MONTH MONTH="APRIL"/>
          </ACAD-YEAR>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">campuses in Halifax, Petit-de-Grat,
            Saint-Joseph-du-Moine, Tusket </GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Ald&amp;eacute;a</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Landry</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Rector and Vice-Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Allister</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Surette</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Rector for Acad. and Research</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Kenneth</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Deveau</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Rector for Admin. and Student Affairs</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Eric</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Tufts</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Registrar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Cynthia</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Robicheau</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir of Library</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Pamela</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Maher</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="87000"/> vols</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT>
              <TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="50"/>
            </TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT>
              <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="480"/>
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Arts and Sciences</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Mohammadi</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Kaouass</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Professional Programmes</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Dany</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Sheehy</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.201804191800.0001" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="" UPDATED="19.04.2018"
        PREVRETURNS="" RETURNED="" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>University Canada West</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>626 West Pender St, Suite 100, <CITY>Vancouver</CITY>, BC <POSTCODE>
                V6B 1V9</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(778) 655-3702</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@ucanwest.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.ucanwest.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="2004"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: private</CONTROL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Mitchell</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Gropper</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and Vice-Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Arthur</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Coren </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir of Library Services</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Adrian</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Mitescu</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT>60,000 journals, 180,000 ebooks</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
        </BLOCK>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.5.1.2" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000281"
        PREVUPDATES="10.05.2007; 31.05.2002; 17/08/01; 22/08/00, 06.07.2010, 10.07.2014, 03.09.2014, 11.12.2015, 16.12.2015, 24.08.2016, 07.09.2017, 20.03.2018, 09.05.2018, 14.05.2019, 31.07.2019, 10.02.2020, 09.06.2020, 15.06.2020, 29.06.2020, 07.07.2020, 21.09.2020, 19.02.2021, 10.06.2021"
        UPDATED="16.07.2021"
        PREVRETURNS="07.07.2004, 06.07.2004, 30.05.2011, 30.05.2015, 24.03.2016"
        RETURNED="29.03.2019" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>University of Alberta</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Sean P. Townsend, Editor/Writer, Univ. Relations, <EMAIL>
              stownsen@ualberta.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>116 St and 85 Ave, <CITY>Edmonton</CITY>, AB <POSTCODE> T6G
                2R3</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(780) 492-3111</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>commun@ualberta.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.ualberta.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1908"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
          <LANGUAGE>
            <SPOKEN LANG="English"/>
            <SPOKEN LANG="French"/>
          </LANGUAGE>
          <ACAD-YEAR>
            <FROM-MONTH MONTH="SEPTEMBER"/>
            <TO-MONTH MONTH="AUGUST"/>
          </ACAD-YEAR>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">campuses in Camrose, Edmonton</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Peggy</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Garritty</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and Vice-Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Bill</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Flanagan</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Provost and Vice-Pres. for Acad.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Steven</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Dew</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Facilities and Operations</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Andrew</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Sharman</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Univ. Services and Finance</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Todd</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Gilchrist</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="ACTING">Vice-Pres. for Research and Innovation</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Walter</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Dixon</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="ACTING">Vice-Pres. for External Relations</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME> Elan</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>MacDonald</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Provost and Dean of Students</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Andr&amp;eacute;</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME> Costopoulos</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Provost and Univ. Registrar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Melissa</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Padfield</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Provost for Learning Services and Chief Librarian </JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Dale</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Askey</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dean of Augustana Campus</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Demetres</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Tryphonopoulos </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dean of Campus St-Jean</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Pierre-Yves</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME> Mocquais</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Sec.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Marion</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Haggarty-France</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT>see under Libraries and Archives</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT>
              <TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="2760"/>
            </TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT>
              <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="40060"/>
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING">College of Health Sciences</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Greta </FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Cummings</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING">College of Natural and Applied Sciences</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Matina </FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Kalcounis-Rueppell</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING">College of Social Sciences and Humanities </SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Joseph</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Doucet </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Graduate Studies and Research</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Brooke</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Milne </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Native Studies</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Chris</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Andersen </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING">St Joseph&amp;rsquo;s College</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Assoc. Prof.</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Shawn W.</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME> Flynn</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
                <POSITION>Pres.</POSITION>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">St Stephen&amp;rsquo;s College</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Frederick S.</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME> Tappenden</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.5.1.7" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000286"
        PREVUPDATES="28.09.2004; 08.10.2003, 30.06.2010, 10.07.2014, 02.09.2014, 10.12.2015, 16.12.2015, 19.01.2016, 22.08.2016, 31.05.2017, 22.03.2018, 12.06.2019,03.07.2019, 09.03.2020, 08.06.2020, 07.07.2020, 17.11.2020, 23.11.2020, 09.06.2021, 01.07.2021, 11.11.2021, 07.03.2022, 15.06.2022, 17.10.2022"
        UPDATED="16.01.2023" RETURNED="04.01.2023" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>University of British Columbia (UBC)</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Brian Lin, Assistant Communications Co-ordinator <EMAIL>
              media.relations@ubc.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>2329 West Mall, <CITY>Vancouver</CITY>, BC <POSTCODE>V6T
                1Z4</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(604) 822-2211</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>eli.registration@ubc.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.ubc.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1908"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ACAD-YEAR>
            <FROM-MONTH MONTH="SEPTEMBER"/>
            <TO-MONTH MONTH="AUGUST"/>
          </ACAD-YEAR>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">also Green College, St John's College; southern
            medical program&amp;mdash;faculty of medicine in Okanagan campus</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Steven Lewis</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Point</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="ACTING">Pres. and Vice-Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Deborah</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Buszard </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Deputy Vice-Chancellor and Prin. for Okanagan Campus</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Prof.</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Lesley</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Cormack </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Provost and Vice-Pres. for Acad. for Vancouver Campus</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Prof.</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Gage</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Averill </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Provost and Vice-Pres. for Acad. for Okanagan Campus</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Prof.</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Rehan</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Sadiq </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for External Relations</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Robin</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Ciceri</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="ACTING">Vice-Pres. for Finance and Operations</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Karamjeet</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Heer</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Research and Innovation</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Gail</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Murphy </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Students</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Ainsley</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Carry </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Univ. Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Susan E.</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Parker</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT>see under Libraries and Archives</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT>
              <TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="6300"/>
            </TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT>
              <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="68500"/>
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
            <SUB-ADDON>
              <TITLE>Okanagan Campus</TITLE>
              <STAFFLIST>
                <STAFF>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">College of Graduate Studies</SUBJECT>
                  <NAME>
                    <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                    <FORENAME>Peter</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Simpson </SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Applied Science &amp;mdash; School of
                    Engineering</SUBJECT>
                  <NAME>
                    <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                    <FORENAME>James</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Olson </SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Creative and Critical Studies</SUBJECT>
                  <NAME>
                    <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                    <FORENAME>Bryce</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Traister </SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING">Faculty of Health and Social Development </SUBJECT>
                  <NAME>
                    <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                    <FORENAME>Marie</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Tarrant </SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Management</SUBJECT>
                  <NAME>
                    <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                    <FORENAME>Roger</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Sugden </SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Irving K. Barber Faculty of Science</SUBJECT>
                  <NAME>
                    <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                    <FORENAME>Gino</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>DiLabio </SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Irving K. Barber Faculty of Arts and Social
                    Sciences</SUBJECT>
                  <NAME>
                    <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                    <FORENAME>Silvia</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Tom&amp;aacute;&amp;scaron;kov&amp;aacute; </SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING">Okanagan School of Education</SUBJECT>
                  <NAME>
                    <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                    <FORENAME>Jan</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Hare</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
              </STAFFLIST>
            </SUB-ADDON>
            <SUB-ADDON>
              <TITLE>Vancouver Campus</TITLE>
              <STAFFLIST>
                <STAFF>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Applied Science</SUBJECT>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>James</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Olson</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING">Faculty of Arts</SUBJECT>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Stefania</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Burk</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Dentistry</SUBJECT>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Mary</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>MacDougall</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING">Faculty of Education</SUBJECT>
                  <NAME>
                    <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                    <FORENAME>Jane</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Hare</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Forestry</SUBJECT>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Robert</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Kozak</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Land and Food Systems</SUBJECT>
                  <NAME>
                    <ACAD-TITLE>Prof.</ACAD-TITLE>
                    <FORENAME>Rickey</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Yada </SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Medicine</SUBJECT>
                  <NAME>
                    <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                    <FORENAME>Dermot</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Kelleher </SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Pharmaceutical Sciences</SUBJECT>
                  <NAME>
                    <ACAD-TITLE>Prof.</ACAD-TITLE>
                    <FORENAME>Michael</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME> Coughtrie</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Science</SUBJECT>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Meigan</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Aronson</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Graduate and Postdoctoral Studies</SUBJECT>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Susan</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Porter</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Peter A. Allard School of Law</SUBJECT>
                  <NAME>
                    <ACAD-TITLE>Prof.</ACAD-TITLE>
                    <FORENAME>Ngai </FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Pindell </SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Sauder School of Business</SUBJECT>
                  <NAME>
                    <ACAD-TITLE>Prof.</ACAD-TITLE>
                    <FORENAME>Darren</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Dahl </SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
              </STAFFLIST>
            </SUB-ADDON>
          </ROLELIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="PROFESSORS"/>
            <SUB-ADDON>
              <TITLE>Faculty of Applied Science</TITLE>
              <SUB-SUB-ADDON>
                <TITLE>Department of Chemical and Biological Engineering</TITLE>
                <STAFFLIST>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Bert</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Bowen</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>B.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Chieng</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Duff</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Englezos</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Grace</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Hatzikiriakos</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Jim Jim</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>C.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Kerekes</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Lo</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>K.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Oloman</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>C.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Piret</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Smith</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>K.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Watkinson</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                </STAFFLIST>
              </SUB-SUB-ADDON>
              <SUB-SUB-ADDON>
                <TITLE>Department of Civil Engineering</TITLE>
                <STAFFLIST>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Adebar</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Banthia</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>N.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Fannin</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Foschi</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Hall</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>E.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Hall</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>K. J.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Issacson</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Lawrence</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>G.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Mavinic</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Mindess</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Navin</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>F.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Russell</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Sexsmith</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Steimer</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                </STAFFLIST>
              </SUB-SUB-ADDON>
              <SUB-SUB-ADDON>
                <TITLE>Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering</TITLE>
                <STAFFLIST>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Davies</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Dumont</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>G.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Ivanov</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Jaeger</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>N.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Krishnamurthy</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>V.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Lawrence</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Leung</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>C.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Leung</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>V.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Pulfrey</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Saleh</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Ward</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                </STAFFLIST>
              </SUB-SUB-ADDON>
              <SUB-SUB-ADDON>
                <TITLE>Department of Mechanical Engineering</TITLE>
                <STAFFLIST>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Altintas</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>Y.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Calisal</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Cherchas</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>De Silva</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>C.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Evans</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Gadala</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Green</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Hill</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Hodgson</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Hutton</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Rajapakse</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>N.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Salcudean</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Sassani</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>F.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Schajer</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>G.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Yellowley</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>I.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                </STAFFLIST>
              </SUB-SUB-ADDON>
              <SUB-SUB-ADDON>
                <TITLE>Department of Metals and Materials Engineering</TITLE>
                <STAFFLIST>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Dreisinger</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Poursartip</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Reed</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Troczynski</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>T.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Tromans</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                </STAFFLIST>
              </SUB-SUB-ADDON>
              <SUB-SUB-ADDON>
                <TITLE>Department of Mining Engineering</TITLE>
                <STAFFLIST>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Meech</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Scoble</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Wilson</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>W.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                </STAFFLIST>
              </SUB-SUB-ADDON>
            </SUB-ADDON>
            <SUB-ADDON>
              <TITLE>Faculty of Arts</TITLE>
              <SUB-SUB-ADDON>
                <TITLE>Department of Anthropology</TITLE>
                <STAFFLIST>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Matson</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Miller</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>B.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                </STAFFLIST>
              </SUB-SUB-ADDON>
              <SUB-SUB-ADDON>
                <TITLE>Department of Art History, Visual Art and Theory</TITLE>
                <STAFFLIST>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Cohodas</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Eder</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Guilbaut</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Lum</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>K.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>O&amp;rsquo;Brian</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Watson</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Windsor-Liscombe</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                </STAFFLIST>
              </SUB-SUB-ADDON>
              <SUB-SUB-ADDON>
                <TITLE>Department of Asian Studies</TITLE>
                <STAFFLIST>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Duke</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Nosco</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Oberoi</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>H.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Schmidt</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Takashima</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>K.-I.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                </STAFFLIST>
              </SUB-SUB-ADDON>
              <SUB-SUB-ADDON>
                <TITLE>Department of Classical, Near Eastern and Religious Studies</TITLE>
                <STAFFLIST>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Barrett</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>A. A.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Harding</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Sullivan</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Todd</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Williams</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>E.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                </STAFFLIST>
              </SUB-SUB-ADDON>
              <SUB-SUB-ADDON>
                <TITLE>Department of Economics</TITLE>
                <STAFFLIST>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Copeland</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>B.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Diewert</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>E.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Eswaran</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Evans</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Green</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Kotwal</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Lemieux</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>T.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Paterson</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Redish</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Riddell</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>C.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                </STAFFLIST>
              </SUB-SUB-ADDON>
              <SUB-SUB-ADDON>
                <TITLE>Department of French, Hispanic and Italian Studies</TITLE>
                <STAFFLIST>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Boccassini</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Hodgson</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>McEachern</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Raoul</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>V.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Sarkonak</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Testa</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>C.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Urrello</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                </STAFFLIST>
              </SUB-SUB-ADDON>
              <SUB-SUB-ADDON>
                <TITLE>Department of Geography</TITLE>
                <STAFFLIST>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Barnes</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>T.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Church</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Gregory</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Hiebert</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Ley</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>McClung</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>McKendry</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>I.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Oke</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>T.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Pratt</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>G.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Robinson</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Slaymaker</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>O.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Steyn</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Stull</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Wynn</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>G.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                </STAFFLIST>
              </SUB-SUB-ADDON>
              <SUB-SUB-ADDON>
                <TITLE>Department of Germanic Studies</TITLE>
                <STAFFLIST>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Mornin</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>E.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Petersen</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>K.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Petro</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Stenberg</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                </STAFFLIST>
              </SUB-SUB-ADDON>
              <SUB-SUB-ADDON>
                <TITLE>Department of History</TITLE>
                <STAFFLIST>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Friedrichs</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>C.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Krause</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Lary</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Newell</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Ray</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Unger</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Ward</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                </STAFFLIST>
              </SUB-SUB-ADDON>
              <SUB-SUB-ADDON>
                <TITLE>Department of Linguistics</TITLE>
                <STAFFLIST>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Pulleyblank</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Stemberger</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Vatikiotis-Bateson</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>E.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                </STAFFLIST>
              </SUB-SUB-ADDON>
              <SUB-SUB-ADDON>
                <TITLE>School of Music</TITLE>
                <STAFFLIST>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Benjamin</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>W.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Berinaum</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Butler</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>G.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Chatman</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Coop</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Dawes</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Hamel</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>K.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Read</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Sharon</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Tenzer</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                </STAFFLIST>
              </SUB-SUB-ADDON>
              <SUB-SUB-ADDON>
                <TITLE>Department of Philosophy</TITLE>
                <STAFFLIST>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Beatty</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Irvine</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Russell</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Savitt</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Schabas</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Wilson</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>C.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                </STAFFLIST>
              </SUB-SUB-ADDON>
              <SUB-SUB-ADDON>
                <TITLE>Department of Political Science</TITLE>
                <STAFFLIST>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Job</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>B.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Johnston</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>LaSelva</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Marantz</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Mauzy</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Resnick</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Tennant</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Tupper</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Wallace</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                </STAFFLIST>
              </SUB-SUB-ADDON>
              <SUB-SUB-ADDON>
                <TITLE>Department of Psychology</TITLE>
                <STAFFLIST>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Alden</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>L.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Chandler</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Coren</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Dutton</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Enns</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Gorzalka</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>B.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Graf</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Hakstian</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Lehman</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Linden</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>W.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Pinel</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Tees</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Walker</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>L.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Ward</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>L.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Werker</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                </STAFFLIST>
              </SUB-SUB-ADDON>
              <SUB-SUB-ADDON>
                <TITLE>Department of Sociology</TITLE>
                <STAFFLIST>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Creese</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>G.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Currie</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Elliott</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>B.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Ericson</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Guppy</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>N.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Johnson</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>G.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Joppke</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>C.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Matthews</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                </STAFFLIST>
              </SUB-SUB-ADDON>
              <SUB-SUB-ADDON>
                <TITLE>Department of Theatre, Film and Creative Writing</TITLE>
                <STAFFLIST>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Alderson</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Durbach</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>E.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Gardiner</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>McWhirter</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>G.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Maillard</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>K.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Wasserman</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                </STAFFLIST>
              </SUB-SUB-ADDON>
            </SUB-ADDON>
            <SUB-ADDON>
              <TITLE>Faculty of Dentistry</TITLE>
              <SUB-SUB-ADDON>
                <TITLE>Department of Oral Biological and Medical Sciences</TITLE>
                <STAFFLIST>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Brunette</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Clark</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>C.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Diewert</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>V.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Donaldson</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Hannam</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Larjava</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>H.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Lowe</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Overall</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>C.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Uitto</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>V.-J.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Yen</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>E.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                </STAFFLIST>
              </SUB-SUB-ADDON>
              <SUB-SUB-ADDON>
                <TITLE>Department of Oral Health Sciences</TITLE>
                <STAFFLIST>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Clark</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>C.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Diewert</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>V.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Hannam</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Lowe</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>McEntee</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                </STAFFLIST>
              </SUB-SUB-ADDON>
            </SUB-ADDON>
            <SUB-ADDON>
              <TITLE>Faculty of Education</TITLE>
              <SUB-SUB-ADDON>
                <TITLE>Department of Curriculum and Pedagogy</TITLE>
                <STAFFLIST>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Chalmers</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>F. G.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Erickson</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>G.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Gaskell</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Irwin</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Kindler</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Peterat</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>L.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Pirie</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                </STAFFLIST>
              </SUB-SUB-ADDON>
              <SUB-SUB-ADDON>
                <TITLE>Department of Educational and Counselling Psychology, and Special Education </TITLE>
                <STAFFLIST>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Amundson</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>N.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Arlin</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Borgen</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>W.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Butler</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Daniluk</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Kahn</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Long</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>B.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Porath</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Siegel</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>L.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Westwood</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Young</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Zumbo</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>B.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                </STAFFLIST>
              </SUB-SUB-ADDON>
              <SUB-SUB-ADDON>
                <TITLE>Department of Educational Studies</TITLE>
                <STAFFLIST>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Adam-Moodley</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>K.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Barman</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Boshier</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Brown</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Fisher</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Kelly</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Pratt</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>D. D.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Roman</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>L.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Rubenson</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>K.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Schuetze</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>H.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Shields</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>C.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Sork</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>T.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Strong-Boag</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>V.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Ungerleider</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>C. S.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                </STAFFLIST>
              </SUB-SUB-ADDON>
            </SUB-ADDON>
            <SUB-ADDON>
              <TITLE>Faculty of Forestry</TITLE>
              <STAFFLIST>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Avramidis</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Barker</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Barrett</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Bunnell</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>F.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Chafway</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>C.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>El-Kassaby</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>Y.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Evans</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Fannin</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Guy</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Haley</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Hoberg</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>G.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Innes</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Kimmins</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Klinka</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>K.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>McLean</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Martin</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>K.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Murtha</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Ritland</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>K.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Ruddick</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Van der Kamp</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>B.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
              </STAFFLIST>
            </SUB-ADDON>
            <SUB-ADDON>
              <TITLE>Faculty of Land and Food Systems</TITLE>
              <SUB-SUB-ADDON>
                <TITLE>Department of Agroecology</TITLE>
                <STAFFLIST>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Black</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Chanway</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>C.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Cheng</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>K.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Chieng</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>S.-T.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Copeman</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Cronk</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>Q.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Ellis</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>B.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Isman</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Jolliffe</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Lavkulich</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>L.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>McKinley</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Myers</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Rajamahendran</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Schreier</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>H.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Shackleton</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Taylor</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>I.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Upadhyaya</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Weary</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>O.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                </STAFFLIST>
              </SUB-SUB-ADDON>
              <SUB-SUB-ADDON>
                <TITLE>Department of Community and the Environment</TITLE>
                <STAFFLIST>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Condon</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Paterson</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Quayle</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                </STAFFLIST>
              </SUB-SUB-ADDON>
              <SUB-SUB-ADDON>
                <TITLE>Department of Food, Nutrition and Health</TITLE>
                <STAFFLIST>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Barr</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Cheng</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>K.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Durance</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>T.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Kitts</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Li-Chan</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>E.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Thompson</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Van Vuuren</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>H.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Vercammen</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                </STAFFLIST>
              </SUB-SUB-ADDON>
            </SUB-ADDON>
            <SUB-ADDON>
              <TITLE>Faculty of Medicine</TITLE>
              <SUB-SUB-ADDON>
                <TITLE>Department of Anatomy</TITLE>
                <STAFFLIST>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Bressler</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>B.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Church</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Crawford</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>B.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Emerman</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Naus</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>C.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Ovalle</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>W.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Slonecker</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>C.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Vogl</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Weinberg</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                </STAFFLIST>
              </SUB-SUB-ADDON>
              <SUB-SUB-ADDON>
                <TITLE>School of Audiology and Speech Sciences</TITLE>
                <STAFFLIST>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Johnston</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Stapells</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                </STAFFLIST>
              </SUB-SUB-ADDON>
              <SUB-SUB-ADDON>
                <TITLE>Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology</TITLE>
                <STAFFLIST>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Brayer</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>G.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Brownsey</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Cullis</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Dedhar</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Finlay</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>B.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>MacGillivray</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>McIntosh</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>L.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Mackie</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>G.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Mauk</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Molday</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Roberge</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Sadowski</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>I.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                </STAFFLIST>
              </SUB-SUB-ADDON>
              <SUB-SUB-ADDON>
                <TITLE>Department of Family Practice</TITLE>
                <STAFFLIST>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Bassett</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>K.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Bates</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Calam</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>B.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Donnelly</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Grams</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>G.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Grzybowski</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Khan</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>K.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Klein</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Kuhl</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Livingstone</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>V.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>McKenzie</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Scott</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>I.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Taunton</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Whiteside</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>C.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Wiebe</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>C.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Woollard</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                </STAFFLIST>
              </SUB-SUB-ADDON>
              <SUB-SUB-ADDON>
                <TITLE>Department of Healthcare and Epidemiology</TITLE>
                <STAFFLIST>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Barer</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Black</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>C.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Hertzman</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>C.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Kazanjian</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Kennedy</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Mathias</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Schechter</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Sheps</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Singer</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Teschke</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>K.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                </STAFFLIST>
              </SUB-SUB-ADDON>
              <SUB-SUB-ADDON>
                <TITLE>Department of Medical Genetics</TITLE>
                <STAFFLIST>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Burgess</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Eaves</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>C.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Field</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>L.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Friedman</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Hall</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Hieter</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Jefferies</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>W.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Juriloff</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Kay</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>McGillivray</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>B.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>McMaster</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>W.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Mager</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Rose</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Sadovnick</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                </STAFFLIST>
              </SUB-SUB-ADDON>
              <SUB-SUB-ADDON>
                <TITLE>Department of Medicine</TITLE>
                <STAFFLIST>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Abboud</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Bai</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>T.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Beattie</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>B.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Birmingham</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>C.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Bowie</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>W.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Brunham</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Cairns</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Calne</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Chow</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Eaves</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Eisen</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Esdaile</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Fleetham</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Freeman</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>H.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Ho</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>V.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Humphries</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Keown</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Kerr</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>C.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Lam</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Lui</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>H.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>McLean</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Mancini</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>G.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Montaner</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Oger</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Ostrow</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Page</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>G.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Par&amp;eacute;</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Paty</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Pelech</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Prior</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Quamme</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>G.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Rabkin</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Reiner</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>N.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Rivers</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Road</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Russell</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Schellenberg</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Schrader</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Schulzer</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Stein</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>H.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Steinbrecher</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>U.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Stiver</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>H.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Stoessl</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Sutton</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Tsui</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Walley</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>K.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Wang</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>Y.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Wong</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>N.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Wright</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Yeung</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                </STAFFLIST>
              </SUB-SUB-ADDON>
              <SUB-SUB-ADDON>
                <TITLE>Department of Physiology</TITLE>
                <STAFFLIST>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Baimbridge</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>K.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Buchan</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Fedida</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Mcintosh</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>C.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Naus</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>C. C.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Pearson</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>J</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                </STAFFLIST>
              </SUB-SUB-ADDON>
              <SUB-SUB-ADDON>
                <TITLE>Department of Radiology</TITLE>
                <STAFFLIST>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Cooperberg</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Culham</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>G.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Li</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Lyster</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>MacKay</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>M&amp;uuml;ller</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>N.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Munk</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                </STAFFLIST>
              </SUB-SUB-ADDON>
              <SUB-SUB-ADDON>
                <TITLE>Department of Surgery</TITLE>
                <STAFFLIST>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Warnock</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>G.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                </STAFFLIST>
              </SUB-SUB-ADDON>
            </SUB-ADDON>
            <SUB-ADDON>
              <TITLE>Faculty of Science</TITLE>
              <SUB-SUB-ADDON>
                <TITLE>Department of Botany</TITLE>
                <STAFFLIST>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>DeWreede</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Douglas</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>C.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Ganders</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>F.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Glass</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Green</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>B.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Griffiths</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Maddison</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>W.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Taylor</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>F.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Taylor</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>I.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Towers</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>G.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Turkington</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                </STAFFLIST>
              </SUB-SUB-ADDON>
              <SUB-SUB-ADDON>
                <TITLE>Department of Chemistry</TITLE>
                <STAFFLIST>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Andersen</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Blades</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Brooks</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Burnell</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>E.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Comisarow</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Dolphin</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Douglas</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Fleming</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Fryzuk</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Fyfe</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>C.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Gerry</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Hepburn</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Herring</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>G.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Legzdins</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>McIntosh</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>L.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Mitchell</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>K.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Orvig</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>C.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Patey</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>G.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Piers</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>E.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Sawatzky</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>G.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Scheffer</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Shapiro</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Sherman</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Shizgal</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>B.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Storr</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Tanner</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Withers</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                </STAFFLIST>
              </SUB-SUB-ADDON>
              <SUB-SUB-ADDON>
                <TITLE>Department of Computer Science</TITLE>
                <STAFFLIST>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Ascher</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>U.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Booth</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>K.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Condon</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Friedman</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Kiczales</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>G.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Kirkpatrick</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Klawe</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Lakshmanan</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>L.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Little</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Lowe</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Mackworth</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Ng</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Pai</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Pippenger</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>N.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Poole</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Rosenberg</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Woodham</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                </STAFFLIST>
              </SUB-SUB-ADDON>
              <SUB-SUB-ADDON>
                <TITLE>Department of Earth and Ocean Sciences</TITLE>
                <STAFFLIST>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Andersen</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Bostock</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Bustin</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Clarke</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>G.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Clowes</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Fletcher</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>K.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Groat</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>L.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Harrison</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Healey</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Hsieh</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>W.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Hungr</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>O.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Ingram</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>G.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Oldenburg</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Russell</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>K.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Smith</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>L.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Smith</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Steyn</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Stull</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Taylor</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Ulrych</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>T.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Weis</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                </STAFFLIST>
              </SUB-SUB-ADDON>
              <SUB-SUB-ADDON>
                <TITLE>Department of Mathematics</TITLE>
                <STAFFLIST>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Anstee</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Bluman</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>G.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Boyd</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Carrell</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Fournier</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Ghoussoub</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>N.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Lam</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>K.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Loewen</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>MacDonald</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Marcus</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>B.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Peirce</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Perkins</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>E.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Seymour</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>B.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Sjerve</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Slade</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>G.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Ward</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                </STAFFLIST>
              </SUB-SUB-ADDON>
              <SUB-SUB-ADDON>
                <TITLE>Department of Microbiology and Immunology</TITLE>
                <STAFFLIST>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Hancock</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>R. E. W.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Jefferies</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>W. A.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Kronstad</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>J. W.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Smit</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Spiegelman</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>G.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Teh</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>H.-S.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Weeks</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>G.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                </STAFFLIST>
              </SUB-SUB-ADDON>
              <SUB-SUB-ADDON>
                <TITLE>Department of Statistics</TITLE>
                <STAFFLIST>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Harry</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Heckman</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>N.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Petkau</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Van Eeden</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>C.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Zamar</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Zidek</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                </STAFFLIST>
              </SUB-SUB-ADDON>
              <SUB-SUB-ADDON>
                <TITLE>Department of Zoology</TITLE>
                <STAFFLIST>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Adamson</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Berger</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Blake</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Brock</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>H.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Gass</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>C.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Gosline</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Grigliatti</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>T.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Jones</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Milsom</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>W.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Moerman</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Myers</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Pauly</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Pitcher</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>T.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Randall</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Schluter</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Sinclair</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>T.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Smith</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Snutch</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>T.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Steeves</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Tetzlaff</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>W.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Walters</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>C.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                </STAFFLIST>
              </SUB-SUB-ADDON>
            </SUB-ADDON>
            <SUB-ADDON>
              <TITLE>Peter A. Allard School of Law</TITLE>
              <STAFFLIST>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Bakan</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Black</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>W.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Blom</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Boyd</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Boyle</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>C.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Burns</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Elliot</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Farquhar</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>K.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Grant</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>I.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Jackson</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Lebaron</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>L. M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>McDougall</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>B.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Paterson</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Pavlich</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Pue</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>W.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Sheppard</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Weiler</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Young</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>C.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
              </STAFFLIST>
            </SUB-ADDON>
            <SUB-ADDON>
              <TITLE>Sauder School of Business</TITLE>
              <SUB-SUB-ADDON>
                <TITLE>Division of Accounting</TITLE>
                <STAFFLIST>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Feltham</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>G.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Simunic</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                </STAFFLIST>
              </SUB-SUB-ADDON>
              <SUB-SUB-ADDON>
                <TITLE>Division of Finance</TITLE>
                <STAFFLIST>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Giammarino</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Hamilton</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Heinkel</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Kraus</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Levi</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                </STAFFLIST>
              </SUB-SUB-ADDON>
              <SUB-SUB-ADDON>
                <TITLE>Division of Law</TITLE>
                <STAFFLIST>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Wand</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>Y.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                </STAFFLIST>
              </SUB-SUB-ADDON>
              <SUB-SUB-ADDON>
                <TITLE>Division of Marketing</TITLE>
                <STAFFLIST>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Griffin</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Weinberg</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>C.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                </STAFFLIST>
              </SUB-SUB-ADDON>
              <SUB-SUB-ADDON>
                <TITLE>Division of Operations and Logistics</TITLE>
                <STAFFLIST>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Atkins</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Granot</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Granot</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>F.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>McCormick</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>T.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Oum</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>T.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Puterman</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Queyranne</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Zhang</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Ziemba</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>W.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                </STAFFLIST>
              </SUB-SUB-ADDON>
              <SUB-SUB-ADDON>
                <TITLE>Division of Strategy and Business Economics</TITLE>
                <STAFFLIST>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Antweiler</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>W.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Boardman</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Brander</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Frank</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Helsley</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Nakamura</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Nemetz</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Ross</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>T.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Spencer</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>B.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Vertinsky</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>I.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Winter</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                </STAFFLIST>
              </SUB-SUB-ADDON>
              <SUB-SUB-ADDON>
                <TITLE>School of Architecture</TITLE>
                <STAFFLIST>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Brock</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>L.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Cole</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Condon</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>MacDonald</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>C.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Patkau</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Wagner</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>G.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Walkey</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Wojtowicz</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                </STAFFLIST>
              </SUB-SUB-ADDON>
              <SUB-SUB-ADDON>
                <TITLE>School of Human Kinetics</TITLE>
                <STAFFLIST>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Crocker</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Franks</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>I.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>McKenzie</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Rhodes</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>E.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Taunton</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                </STAFFLIST>
              </SUB-SUB-ADDON>
              <SUB-SUB-ADDON>
                <TITLE>School of Journalism</TITLE>
                <STAFFLIST>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Logan</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                </STAFFLIST>
              </SUB-SUB-ADDON>
              <SUB-SUB-ADDON>
                <TITLE>School of Library, Archival and Information Studies</TITLE>
                <STAFFLIST>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Duranti</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>L.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Haycock</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>K.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Rasmussen</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>E.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                </STAFFLIST>
              </SUB-SUB-ADDON>
              <SUB-SUB-ADDON>
                <TITLE>School of Nursing</TITLE>
                <STAFFLIST>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Acorn</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Anderson</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Bottorff</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Carty</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>E.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Hilton</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Johnson</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Paterson</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>B.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Thorne</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                </STAFFLIST>
              </SUB-SUB-ADDON>
              <SUB-SUB-ADDON>
                <TITLE>School of Social Work and Family Studies</TITLE>
                <STAFFLIST>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Christensen</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>C.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Martin-Mathews</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Perlman</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>Russell</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <NAME>
                      <SURNAME>White</SURNAME>
                      <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                </STAFFLIST>
              </SUB-SUB-ADDON>
            </SUB-ADDON>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.5.1.9" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000288"
        PREVUPDATES="06.06.2002; 10/08/00, 07.07.2010, 10.07.2014, 11.12.2015, 22.08.2016, 23.08.2016, 07.07.2017, 13.02.2018, 21.03.2018, 20.09.2018, 12.06.2019, 31.07.2019, 09.06.2020, 14.08.2020, 21.09.2020, 21.01.2021, 09.06.2021, 02.12.2021, 06.01.2022, 07.03.2022"
        UPDATED="07.07.2022" RETURNED="28.06.2005" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>University of Calgary</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Dr Elizabeth Cannon, Pres. and Vice-Chancellor, <EMAIL>
              president@ucalgary.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>2500 University Dr. NW, <CITY>Calgary</CITY>, AB <POSTCODE> T2N
                1N4</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(403) 210-7625</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>president@ucalgary.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.ucalgary.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1945"/> as a br. of Univ. of Alberta; present name and
              status 1966</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
          <LANGUAGE>
            <SPOKEN LANG="English"/>
          </LANGUAGE>
          <ACAD-YEAR>
            <FROM-MONTH MONTH="JULY"/>
            <TO-MONTH MONTH="JUNE"/>
          </ACAD-YEAR>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">campuses in Calgary, Qatar</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Jon</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Cornish</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and Vice-Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Edward</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>McCauley </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Provost and Vice-Pres. for Acad.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Teri</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Balser </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Advancement</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>James</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Allan </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="ACTING">Vice-Pres. for Finance and Services</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Ron</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Kim</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Research</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>William</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Ghali </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Sec.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Susan</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Belcher</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Registrar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Amy</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Dambrowitz</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Provost and Univ. Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Mary-Jo</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Romaniuk</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT>see under Libraries and Archives</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT>
              <TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="1800"/>
            </TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT><STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="33000"/> (26,000 undergraduate, 7,000
              graduates)</STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
          <PUB-GRP>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Journal of Educational Thought</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>3 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
          </PUB-GRP>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Cumming School of Medicine</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Jon</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Meddings</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Arts</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Richard</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Sigurdson</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Graduate Studies</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Robin</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Yates</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Kinesiology</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Penny</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Werthner</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Law</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Ian</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Holloway</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Nursing (Calgary)</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Sandra</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Davidson</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Nursing (Qatar)</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Deborah</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>White</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Science</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Kristin</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Baetz </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Social Work</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Ellen</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Perrault</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Veterinary Medicine</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Renate</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Weller </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Haskayne School of Business</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Jim</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Dewald</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">School of Architecture, Planning and Landscape</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>John</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Brown</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Schulich School of Engineering</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Bill</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Rosehart</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Werklund School of Education</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Dianne</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Gereluk</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.201804201005.0001" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="" UPDATED="20.04.2018"
        PREVRETURNS="" RETURNED="" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>University of Fredericton</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>371 Queen St, Suite 400, <CITY>Fredericton</CITY>, NB <POSTCODE> E3B
                1B1</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(506) 454-6232</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@ufred.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.ufred.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="2007"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: private</CONTROL>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">schools of occupational health and safety,
            professional development; Sandermoen School of Business</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Don</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Roy</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Provost and Vice-Pres. for Acad.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Kenneth</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Green</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Registrar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Tracy</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Pugh</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.5.1.15" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000294"
        PREVUPDATES="07.10.2003, 03.09.2014, 11.12.2015, 19.01.2016, 28.04.2016, 19.10.2016, 07.02.2017, 05.07.2017, 10.11.2017, 05.04.2018, 30.07.2019, 31.07.2019, 08.07.2020, 21.09.2020, 17.11.2020, 16.02.2021, 19.02.2021, 03.05.2021, 11.11.2021, 07.03.2022"
        UPDATED="25.01.2023" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>University of Guelph</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>50 Stone Rd E, <CITY>Guelph</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>N1G 2W1
              </POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(519) 824-4120</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>reghelp@uoguelph.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.uoguelph.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1964"/> by merger of Ontario Agricultural College,
              Ontario Veterinary College and Macdonald Institute</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
          <LANGUAGE>
            <SPOKEN LANG="English"/>
          </LANGUAGE>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Mary</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Anne Chambers </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and Vice-Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Charlotte</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Yates </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Provost and Vice-Pres. for Acad.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Gwen</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Chapman</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Research</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Malcolm</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Campbell</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Finance and Operations</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Sharmilla</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME> Rasheed</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Registrar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Ray</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Darling</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chief Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Rebecca</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Graham</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT>2.5m. vols</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT>
              <TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="800"/>
            </TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT>
              <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="24000"/>
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">College of Arts</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Samantha</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Brennan</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">College of Biological Science</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Mazyar</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Fallah</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">College of Engineering and Physical Sciences </SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Mary</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Wells</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">College of Social and Applied Human Sciences </SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Gwen</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Chapman</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Gordon S. Lang School of Business and Economics </SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Lysa</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Porth</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Ontario Agricultural College</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Rene</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>van Acker</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Ontario Veterinary College</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Jeff</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Wichtel</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.5.1.16" TOWN="Halifax" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000295"
        PREVUPDATES="07.06.2002, 26.08.2016, 07.02.2017, 05.07.2017, 29.03.2018"
        UPDATED="07.03.2022" PREVRETURNS="20.04.2005; 11.05.2004, 17.06.2008" RETURNED="18.03.2011"
        DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>University of King&amp;rsquo;s College</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">
            <EMAIL>registrar@ukings.ca</EMAIL>
          </CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>6350 Coburg Rd, <CITY>Halifax</CITY>, NS <POSTCODE>B3H 2A1
              </POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(902) 422-1271</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>admissions@ukings.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.ukings.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1789"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
          <LANGUAGE>
            <SPOKEN LANG="English"/>
          </LANGUAGE>
          <ACAD-YEAR>
            <FROM-MONTH MONTH="SEPTEMBER"/>
            <TO-MONTH MONTH="MAY"/>
          </ACAD-YEAR>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">faculties of arts and social sciences, science;
            school of journalism </GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Hon.</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Kevin</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Lynch </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and Vice-Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Prof.</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>William</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME> Lahey</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Peter </FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>O&amp;rsquo;Brien </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dean for Students</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Katie</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Merwin</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Registrar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Julie</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Green</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Univ. Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Jennifer</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Adams</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="80000"/> vols</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT>
              <TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="50"/>
            </TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT>
              <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="1000"/>
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="PROFESSORS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Barker</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>W.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">English </SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Bishop</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> French</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Burns</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>S. A. M.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Philosophy</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Crowley</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> History</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Hankey</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>W. J.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Classics</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Huebert</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> English</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Kimber</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Journalism </SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Starnes</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>C. J.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Classics</SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <NAME>
                  <SURNAME>Vinci</SURNAME>
                  <FORENAME>T.</FORENAME>
                </NAME>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Philosophy </SUBJECT>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.5.1.20" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000299"
        PREVUPDATES="07.10.2003, 14.4.2009, 04.09.2014, 19.01.2016, 21.03.2018, 30.07.2019, 19.03.2020, 22.03.2020, 10.06.2020, 26.08.2020, 23.11.2020, 04.08.2021"
        UPDATED="07.03.2022" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>University of Lethbridge</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>4401 University Dr., <CITY>Lethbridge</CITY>, AB <POSTCODE> T1K
                3M4</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(403) 329-2111</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>inquiries@uleth.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.uleth.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1967"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
          <LANGUAGE>
            <SPOKEN LANG="English"/>
          </LANGUAGE>
          <ACAD-YEAR>
            <FROM-MONTH MONTH="SEPTEMBER"/>
            <TO-MONTH MONTH="APRIL"/>
          </ACAD-YEAR>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">campus in Calgary</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Charles</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Weaselhead</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and Vice-Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Michael J.</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME> Mahon</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Provost and Vice-Pres. for Acad.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Erasmus</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Okine </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Finance and Admin.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Nancy</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Walker</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Research</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Dena</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>McMartin </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Registrar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Susie</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Kennedy</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="ACTING">Univ. Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Harold</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Jansen</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT>1.4m. vols incl. journals, govt publs, audiovisual materials, maps,
              microforms</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT>
              <TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="250"/>
            </TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT>
              <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="8720"/>
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Dhillon School of Business</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Robert</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Boudreau</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Arts and Science</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Matthew</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Letts</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Education</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Craig</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Loewen</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING">Faculty of Fine Arts</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Shelley</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Scott</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING">Faculty of Health Sciences</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Shannon</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Spenceley</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">School of Graduate Studies</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Robert</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Wood</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.5.1.23" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000302"
        PREVUPDATES="11.06.2002, 18/08/01, 14.4.2009, 23.08.2016, 23.03.2018, 11.07.2018, 05.04.2019, 30.05.2019, 19.08.2019, 09.03.2020, 29.06.2020, 10.11.2020, 13.11.2020, 19.11.2020, 05.02.2021, 09.01.2021, 06.10.2022"
        UPDATED="28.11.2022" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>University of Manitoba</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Public Affairs Dept <EMAIL>public_affairs@umanitoba.ca
            </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS><CITY>Winnipeg</CITY>, MB <POSTCODE>R3T
              2N2</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(204) 474-8880</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>admissions@umanitoba.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.umanitoba.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1877"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
          <LANGUAGE>
            <SPOKEN LANG="English"/>
          </LANGUAGE>
          <ACAD-YEAR><FROM-MONTH MONTH="SEPTEMBER"/><TO-MONTH MONTH="APRIL"/> (semester
            system)</ACAD-YEAR>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">incl. St Andrew&amp;rsquo;s College; St Boniface
            College; St John&amp;rsquo;s College; St Paul&amp;rsquo;s College; Univ. College; school
            of art</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Anne</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Mahon</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and Vice-Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Michael</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Benarroch</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Provost and Vice-Pres. for Acad.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Janice</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Ristock </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="ACTING">Vice-Pres. for Admin.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Naomi</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Andrew</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Research and Int.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>B. Mario</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Pinto </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Provost and Univ. Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Lisa</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>O&amp;rsquo;Hara</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT>see under Libraries and Archives</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT>
              <TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="5380"/>
            </TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT>
              <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="29500"/>
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Clayton H. Riddell Faculty of Environment, Earth and
                  Resources </SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Stephan Pflugmacher</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Lima</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">College of Nursing</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Netha</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Dyck</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">College of Pharmacy</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Lalitha</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Raman-Wilms </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">College of Rehabilitation Sciences</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Reginald</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Urbanowski </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Desautels Faculty of Music</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Edward</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Jurkowski, </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Division of Extended Education</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Gary</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Hepburn </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Dr Gerald Niznick College of Dentistry</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Anastasia</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Kelekis-Cholakis </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Agricultural and Food Sciences </SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Martin</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Scanlon </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Architecture</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Mira</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Locher</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Arts</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Jeffery</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Taylor </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Education</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Karen</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Ragoonaden </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Graduate Studies</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr </ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Todd</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Mondor </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Kinesiology and Recreation Management </SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Douglas</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Brown </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Law</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Richard</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Jochelson </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Science</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Brian</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Mark</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Social Work</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Michael</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Yellow Bird</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">I. H. Asper School of Business, Faculty of
                  Management</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Gady</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Jacoby </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Max Rady College of Medicine</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Peter</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Nickerson </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Price Faculty of Engineering</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Marcia</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Friesen</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Rady Faculty of Health Sciences</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Peter</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Nickerson </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.5.1.29" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000308"
        PREVUPDATES="07.10.2003, 14.4.2009, 09.07.2015, 19.01.2016, 05.07.2017, 26.03.2018, 07.06.2019, 30.07.2019, 31.07.2019, 22.09.2020"
        UPDATED="16.01.2023" RETURNED="01.07.2005" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>University of New Brunswick</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS><REND TYPE="ITALIC">UNB Fredericton</REND>: POB 4400, <CITY>
                Fredericton</CITY>, NB <POSTCODE>E3B 5A3</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(506) 453-4666</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS><REND TYPE="ITALIC">UNB Saint John</REND>: 100 Tucker Park Rd, POB
              5050, <CITY>Saint John</CITY>, NB <POSTCODE>E2L 4L5</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(506) 648-5500</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>admissions@unb.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.unb.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1785"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
          <LANGUAGE>
            <SPOKEN LANG="English"/>
          </LANGUAGE>
          <ACAD-YEAR>
            <FROM-MONTH MONTH="SEPTEMBER"/>
            <TO-MONTH MONTH="MAY"/>
          </ACAD-YEAR>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Allison D.</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>McCain</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and Vice-Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Prof.</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Paul</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Mazerolle </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Acad. Affairs</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>George A.</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>MacLean </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Admin. and Finance</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Bill</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Best</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Advancement</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Bob</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Skillen</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Research</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>David</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>MaGee</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Saint John Campus</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Robert</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>MacKinnon </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Registrar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Shawna</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Bergin</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dean for Libraries</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Lesley</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Beckett Balcom</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT>see under Libraries and Archives</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT>
              <TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="680"/>
            </TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT><STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="10880"/> (9,430 full-time, 1,450 part-time)
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
          <PUB-GRP>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>QWERTY</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>2 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Studies in Canadian Literature</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>2 a year, in English and French</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
          </PUB-GRP>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <CAMPUS>
                <TITLE>Fredericton Campus</TITLE>
                <STAFFLIST>
                  <STAFF>
                    <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Arts</SUBJECT>
                    <NAME>
                      <FORENAME>Joanne</FORENAME>
                      <SURNAME>Wright</SURNAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Business Administration</SUBJECT>
                    <NAME>
                      <FORENAME>Devashis</FORENAME>
                      <SURNAME>Mitra</SURNAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Computer Science</SUBJECT>
                    <NAME>
                      <FORENAME>Luigi</FORENAME>
                      <SURNAME>Benedicenti</SURNAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Education</SUBJECT>
                    <NAME>
                      <FORENAME>Ann</FORENAME>
                      <SURNAME>Sherman</SURNAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Engineering</SUBJECT>
                    <NAME>
                      <FORENAME>Chris</FORENAME>
                      <SURNAME>Diduch</SURNAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Forestry and Environmental Management </SUBJECT>
                    <NAME>
                      <FORENAME>Van</FORENAME>
                      <SURNAME>Lantz</SURNAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Kinesiology</SUBJECT>
                    <NAME>
                      <FORENAME>Wayne</FORENAME>
                      <SURNAME>Albert</SURNAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Law</SUBJECT>
                    <NAME>
                      <ACAD-TITLE>Prof.</ACAD-TITLE>
                      <FORENAME>John</FORENAME>
                      <SURNAME>Kleefeld </SURNAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING">Faculty of Nursing</SUBJECT>
                    <NAME>
                      <FORENAME>Pat</FORENAME>
                      <SURNAME>Seamen</SURNAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Science</SUBJECT>
                    <NAME>
                      <FORENAME>Gary</FORENAME>
                      <SURNAME>Saunders</SURNAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Renaissance College</SUBJECT>
                    <NAME>
                      <FORENAME>Carol J.</FORENAME>
                      <SURNAME>Nemeroff</SURNAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">School of Graduate Studies</SUBJECT>
                    <NAME>
                      <FORENAME>Drew</FORENAME>
                      <SURNAME>Rendall</SURNAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                </STAFFLIST>
              </CAMPUS>
              <CAMPUS>
                <TITLE>Saint John Campus</TITLE>
                <STAFFLIST>
                  <STAFF>
                    <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Arts</SUBJECT>
                    <NAME>
                      <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                      <FORENAME>Joanna</FORENAME>
                      <SURNAME>Everitt </SURNAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Business</SUBJECT>
                    <NAME>
                      <FORENAME>Michel</FORENAME>
                      <SURNAME>Rod</SURNAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                  <STAFF>
                    <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Science, Applied Science and Engineering </SUBJECT>
                    <NAME>
                      <VERBATIM-NAME>Michael van Zyll de Jong</VERBATIM-NAME>
                    </NAME>
                  </STAFF>
                </STAFFLIST>
              </CAMPUS>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.5.1.30" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000310"
        PREVUPDATES="14.4.2009, 22.06.2009, 23.08.2016, 26.08.2016, 10.11.2017, 23.03.2018, 30.07.2019, 19.02.2021, 07.03.2022, 18.05.2022"
        UPDATED="20.09.2022" PREVRETURNS="10.06.2009" RETURNED="22.03.2011" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>University of Northern British Columbia</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Stacy Linton <EMAIL>linton@unbc.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>3333 University Way, <CITY>Prince George</CITY>, BC <POSTCODE> V2N
                4Z9</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(250) 960-5555</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>unbc4u@unbc.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.unbc.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1990"/>, present status 1994</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
          <LANGUAGE>
            <SPOKEN LANG="English"/>
          </LANGUAGE>
          <ACAD-YEAR>
            <FROM-MONTH MONTH="SEPTEMBER"/>
            <TO-MONTH MONTH="MAY"/>
          </ACAD-YEAR>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">campuses in Fort St John, Quesnel, Terrace, div.
            of medical sciences </GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Geoffrey</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Payne</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Provost and Vice-Pres. for Acad.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Wendy</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Rodgers </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Finance and Admin.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Rahim</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Somani</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="ACTING">Vice-Pres. for Research and Graduate Programmes</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Kathy</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Lewis</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Univ. Advancement</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Tim</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Tribe</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Univ. Registrar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Bert</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Annear</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="INTERIM">Univ. Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Kriston</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Rennie</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT>
              <TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="370"/>
            </TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT>
              <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="3590"/>
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Business and Economics</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Ronald</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Camp, II</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Environment</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Peter</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Reiners </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING">Faculty of Human and Health Science</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Ronald</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Camp, II</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Indigenous Studies, Social Sciences and
                  Humanities </SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Kriston</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Rennie </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Science and Engineering</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Deborah</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Roberts</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.201608081529.0001" INDEX="Y"
        PREVUPDATES="08.08.2016, 05.04.2017, 05.07.2017, 02.04.2018, 25.08.2020, 22.09.2020"
        UPDATED="07.03.2022" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>University of Ontario Institute of Technology</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">Ontario Tech University</SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Tim McTiernan, Pres. and Vice-Chancellor <EMAIL>president@uoit.ca
            </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>2000 Simcoe St N, <CITY>Oshawa</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>L1H
              7K4</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(905) 721-8668</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>connect@uoit.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>ontariotechu.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="2002"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Mitch</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Frazer</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and Vice-Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Steven</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Murphy</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Provost and Vice-Pres. for Acad.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Robert</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Bailey</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Research, Innovation and Int.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Douglas </FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Holdway</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Registrar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Brad</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>MacIsaac</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Univ. Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Catherine</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Davidson</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT>
              <TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="1550"/>
            </TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT>
              <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="10000"/>
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Business and Information Technology </SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Prof.</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Pamela</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Ritchie </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Education</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Robin</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Kay</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Energy Systems and Nuclear Science </SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Akira</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Tokuhiro </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Engineering and Applied Science </SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Prof.</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Tarlochan</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME> Sidhu</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Health Sciences</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Prof.</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Lori</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Livingston </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Science</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Prof.</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Greg</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Crawford </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Social Science and Humanities</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Peter</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Stoett </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">School of Graduate and Postdoctoral Studies </SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Langis</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Roy</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.5.1.33" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000313"
        PREVUPDATES="12.09.2003, 18/08/01; 23/08/00, 14.4.2009, 11.12.2015, 08.02.2018, 03.04.2018, 31.07.2019, 19.03.2020, 09.06.2020, 06.07.2020, 19.03.2021, 04.05.2021"
        UPDATED="10.06.2021" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>University of Ottawa</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Officer of the Vice-Chancellor for Univ. Relations <EMAIL>
              vrreluni@uottawa.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>75 Laurier Ave E, <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>K1N
              6N5</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(613) 562-5700</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>uottawainfo@uottawa.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.uottawa.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1848"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
          <LANGUAGE>
            <SPOKEN LANG="English"/>
            <SPOKEN LANG="French"/>
          </LANGUAGE>
          <ACAD-YEAR>
            <FROM-MONTH MONTH="SEPTEMBER"/>
            <TO-MONTH MONTH="AUGUST"/>
          </ACAD-YEAR>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Calin</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Rovinescu</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and Vice-Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Jacques Rock</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Fr&amp;eacute;mont</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Provost and Vice-Pres. for Acad.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Jill</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Scott</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Finance and Admin.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Jennifer</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Doyle</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Int. and Francophonie</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Sanni</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Yaya</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Research</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Sylvain</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Charbonneau</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Provost and Univ. Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Talia</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Chung</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Sec.-Gen.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Annick</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Bergeron</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Univ. Registrar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Sonia</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Cadieux</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT>see under Libraries and Archives</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT>
              <TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="1250"/>
            </TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT>
              <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="40000"/>
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Arts</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Kevin</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Kee</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Education</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Richard</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Barwell</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Engineering</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Jacques</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Beauvais</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Health Sciences</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Lucie</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Thibault</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Law (Civil Law Section)</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Marie-Eve</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Sylvestre</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Law (Common Law Section)</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Adam</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Dodek</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Medicine</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Bernard</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Jasmin</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Science</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Louis</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Barriault</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Social Sciences</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Victoria</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Barham</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Telfer School of Management</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>St&amp;eacute;phane</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Brutus</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
        <ATTACHED-GRP ID="CA.5.1.33.1">
          <ATTACHED-GRP-TITLE>Federated Universities</ATTACHED-GRP-TITLE>
          <ATTACH-LIST ID="CA.5.1.33.1.1">
            <PRIMARY ID="CA.5.1.33.1.1.1" TOWN="Ottawa" INDEX="Y"
              PREVUPDATES="23/8/00ed2, 18/8/01ed2" UPDATED="03.04.2018" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
              SLSDOCRF="pref">
              <TIBLOCK>
                <TITLE>Saint Paul University</TITLE>
                <SUPP INDEX="1">Universit&amp;eacute; Saint-Paul</SUPP>
              </TIBLOCK>
              <BLOCK>
                <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
                  <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>223 Main St, <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>K1S
                      1C4</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
                </ADDRESS>
                <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
                  <NUMBER>(613) 236-1393</NUMBER>
                </TEL>
                <EMAIL>info@ustpaul.ca</EMAIL>
                <WWW>www.ustpaul.ca</WWW>
                <FOUNDED>
                  <FOUND-PTEXT>
                    <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1848"/>
                  </FOUND-PTEXT>
                </FOUNDED>
                <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
                <LANGUAGE>
                  <SPOKEN LANG="English"/>
                  <SPOKEN LANG="French"/>
                </LANGUAGE>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Terrence</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Prendergast</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Rector</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                    <FORENAME>Chantal</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Beauvai </SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Rector for Acad. and Research</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Jean-Marc</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Barrette</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Rector for Admin.</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Norman</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Beaulieu</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chief Librarian</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>J&amp;eacute;r&amp;eacute;mie</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Leblanc</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
                  <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="500000"/> vols, 1,000 periodicals, 100,000 microforms
                  </LIB-PTEXT>
                </LIB-VOL>
              </BLOCK>
              <ADDONLIST>
                <ROLELIST>
                  <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
                  <STAFFLIST>
                    <STAFF>
                      <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Canon Law</SUBJECT>
                      <NAME>
                        <FORENAME>John</FORENAME>
                        <SURNAME>Renken</SURNAME>
                      </NAME>
                    </STAFF>
                    <STAFF>
                      <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculties of Human Sciences and Philosophy </SUBJECT>
                      <NAME>
                        <FORENAME>Manal</FORENAME>
                        <SURNAME>Guirguis-Younger</SURNAME>
                      </NAME>
                    </STAFF>
                    <STAFF>
                      <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Theology</SUBJECT>
                      <NAME>
                        <FORENAME>Yvan</FORENAME>
                        <SURNAME>Mathieu</SURNAME>
                      </NAME>
                    </STAFF>
                  </STAFFLIST>
                </ROLELIST>
                <ROLELIST>
                  <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="PROFESSORS"/>
                  <SUB-ADDON>
                    <TITLE>Faculty of Canon Law</TITLE>
                    <STAFFLIST>
                      <STAFF>
                        <NAME>
                          <SURNAME>Huels</SURNAME>
                          <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                        </NAME>
                      </STAFF>
                      <STAFF>
                        <NAME>
                          <SURNAME>Mendon&amp;ccedil;a</SURNAME>
                          <FORENAME>Rev. A.</FORENAME>
                        </NAME>
                      </STAFF>
                      <STAFF>
                        <NAME>
                          <SURNAME>Morrisey</SURNAME>
                          <FORENAME>Rev. F. G.</FORENAME>
                        </NAME>
                      </STAFF>
                      <STAFF>
                        <NAME>
                          <SURNAME>Page</SURNAME>
                          <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                        </NAME>
                      </STAFF>
                    </STAFFLIST>
                  </SUB-ADDON>
                  <SUB-ADDON>
                    <TITLE>Faculties of Human Sciences and Philosophy</TITLE>
                    <STAFFLIST>
                      <STAFF>
                        <NAME>
                          <SURNAME>B&amp;eacute;gin</SURNAME>
                          <FORENAME>B.</FORENAME>
                        </NAME>
                      </STAFF>
                      <STAFF>
                        <NAME>
                          <SURNAME>Daviau</SURNAME>
                          <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                        </NAME>
                      </STAFF>
                      <STAFF SORTKEY="ed5.130999.1140">
                        <NAME>
                          <SURNAME>Goulet</SURNAME>
                          <FORENAME>J.-G.</FORENAME>
                        </NAME>
                      </STAFF>
                      <STAFF SORTKEY="ed5.130999.1139">
                        <NAME>
                          <SURNAME>Meier</SURNAME>
                          <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                        </NAME>
                      </STAFF>
                      <STAFF SORTKEY="ed5.130999.1141">
                        <NAME>
                          <SURNAME>Mooren</SURNAME>
                          <FORENAME>T.</FORENAME>
                        </NAME>
                      </STAFF>
                      <STAFF>
                        <NAME>
                          <SURNAME>Rigby</SURNAME>
                          <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                        </NAME>
                      </STAFF>
                    </STAFFLIST>
                  </SUB-ADDON>
                  <SUB-ADDON>
                    <TITLE>Faculty of Theology</TITLE>
                    <STAFFLIST>
                      <STAFF>
                        <NAME>
                          <SURNAME>Coyle</SURNAME>
                          <FORENAME>J. K.</FORENAME>
                        </NAME>
                      </STAFF>
                      <STAFF>
                        <NAME>
                          <SURNAME>Dumais</SURNAME>
                          <FORENAME>Rev. M.</FORENAME>
                        </NAME>
                      </STAFF>
                      <STAFF>
                        <NAME>
                          <SURNAME>Mart&amp;iacute;nez de Pis&amp;oacute;n</SURNAME>
                          <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                        </NAME>
                      </STAFF>
                      <STAFF>
                        <NAME>
                          <SURNAME>Melchin</SURNAME>
                          <FORENAME>K.</FORENAME>
                        </NAME>
                      </STAFF>
                      <STAFF>
                        <NAME>
                          <SURNAME>Pambrun</SURNAME>
                          <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                        </NAME>
                      </STAFF>
                      <STAFF>
                        <NAME>
                          <SURNAME>Peelman</SURNAME>
                          <FORENAME>Rev. A.</FORENAME>
                        </NAME>
                      </STAFF>
                      <STAFF>
                        <NAME>
                          <SURNAME>Provencher</SURNAME>
                          <FORENAME>Rev. M. N.</FORENAME>
                        </NAME>
                      </STAFF>
                      <STAFF SORTKEY="ed5.130999.1128">
                        <NAME>
                          <SURNAME>Schlitt</SURNAME>
                          <FORENAME>Rev. D. M.</FORENAME>
                        </NAME>
                      </STAFF>
                      <STAFF>
                        <NAME>
                          <SURNAME>Van den Hengel</SURNAME>
                          <FORENAME>Rev. J.</FORENAME>
                        </NAME>
                      </STAFF>
                      <STAFF>
                        <NAME>
                          <SURNAME>Walters</SURNAME>
                          <FORENAME>G.</FORENAME>
                        </NAME>
                      </STAFF>
                    </STAFFLIST>
                  </SUB-ADDON>
                </ROLELIST>
              </ADDONLIST>
            </PRIMARY>
          </ATTACH-LIST>
        </ATTACHED-GRP>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.5.1.34" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000314"
        PREVUPDATES="29/06/2004, 12/06/2002, 14.4.2009, 23.08.2016, 05.04.2018, 15.02.2022"
        UPDATED="02.03.2022"
        PREVRETURNS="31.05.2012, 08.04.2015, 11.01.2018, 27.02.2019, 07.01.2020"
        RETURNED="22.02.2021" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>University of Prince Edward Island</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Margaret McPike, Admin Asst<EMAIL>mmcpike@upei.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>550 University Ave, <CITY>Charlottetown</CITY>, PE <POSTCODE> C1A
                4P3</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(902) 628-4353</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>apply@upei.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.upei.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1969"/> by merger of St Dunstan&amp;rsquo;s Univ. (f.
              1855) and Prince of Wales College (f. 1834)</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
          <ACAD-YEAR>
            <FROM-MONTH MONTH="SEPTEMBER"/>
            <TO-MONTH MONTH="MAY"/>
          </ACAD-YEAR>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Hon.</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Catherine</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME> Callbeck</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="ACTING">Pres. and Vice-Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Gregory</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Keefe</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="ACTING">Vice-Pres. for Acad. and Research</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Kathy</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Gotschall-Pass </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Admin. and Finance</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Jackie</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Podger</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Registrar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Donna</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Sutton</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="ACTING">Univ. Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Donald</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Moses</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT>
              <TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="270"/>
            </TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT>
              <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="4140"/>
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Arts</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Nebojsa</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Kujundzic </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Business</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Tarek</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Mady</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Education</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Ron</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>MacDonald </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING">Faculty of Nursing</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Jo-Ann</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>MacDonald </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING">Faculty of Science</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Nola</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Etkin</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING">Faculty of Veterinary Medicine</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>John</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>VanLeeuwen </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.5.1.38" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000329"
        PREVUPDATES="08.10.2003, 23/08/00, 14.4.2009, 19.01.2016, 22.08.2016, 07.07.2017, 10.04.2018, 21.08.2018, 23.03.2020, 25.06.2020, 21.09.2020, 23.07.2021, 10.08.2021, 07.03.2022"
        UPDATED="06.10.2022" PREVRETURNS="30.06.2005; 18.05.2005, 19.09.2007,15.05.2012,31.05.2012"
        RETURNED="01.06.2012" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>University of Regina</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Constance Hammermeister, Technical Writer Admin. Co-ordinator
              <EMAIL> constance.hammersmith@uregina.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>3737 Wascana Parkway, <CITY>Regina</CITY>, SK <POSTCODE> S4S
                0A2</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(306) 585-4111</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>enrolment.services@uregina.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.uregina.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1911"/> as Regina College, present name and status
              1974</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
          <LANGUAGE>
            <SPOKEN LANG="English"/>
          </LANGUAGE>
          <ACAD-YEAR><FROM-MONTH MONTH="MAY"/><TO-MONTH MONTH="APRIL"/> (trimester system) </ACAD-YEAR>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Pamela</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Klein </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Chancellor and Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Jeff</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Keshen </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Provost and Vice-Pres. for Acad. Affairs</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Isabelle</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Dostaler </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Admin.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>David</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Button</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Research</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>David</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Malloy </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Registrar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>James</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>D&amp;rsquo;Arcy</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Univ. Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Brett</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Waytuck</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT>2.1m. vols and 3,700 periodicals</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT>
              <TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="440"/>
            </TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT>
              <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="12910"/>
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Arts</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Richard</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Kleer </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Business Administration</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>David</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Senkow </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Education</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Jerome</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Cranston </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Graduate Studies and Research</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Thomas</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Bredohl </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Kinesiology and Health Studies </SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Harold</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Riemer </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Media, Art and Performance</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Prof.</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Rae</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Staseson </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Nursing</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Cheryl</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Pollard</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Science</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Douglas</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Farenick </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Social Work</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Judy</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>White</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.5.1.44" TOWN="" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000335"
        PREVUPDATES="14.04.2009, 10.07.2014, 03.09.2014, 11.12.2015, 22.08.2016, 03.11.2016, 15.11.2016, 07.02.2017, 05.07.2017, 10.04.2018, 12.03.2020, 26.05.2020, 22.06.2020, 16.02.2021, 08.03.2021, 16.07.2021, 03.12.2021"
        UPDATED="07.03.2022" PREVRETURNS="03.08.2006; 24.06.2005, 31.10.2007,17.02.2011"
        RETURNED="09.02.2012" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>University of Saskatchewan</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Paul Gustafson, Registrarial Officer <EMAIL>paul.gustafson@usask.ca
            </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>105 Administration Pl., <CITY>Saskatoon</CITY>, SK <POSTCODE> S7N
                5A2</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(306) 966-4343</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>askus@usask.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.usask.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1907"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
          <LANGUAGE>
            <SPOKEN LANG="English"/>
          </LANGUAGE>
          <ACAD-YEAR>
            <FROM-MONTH MONTH="SEPTEMBER"/>
            <TO-MONTH MONTH="AUGUST"/>
          </ACAD-YEAR>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">also schools of environment and sustainability,
            public health, rehabilitation science; Graduate School of Public Policy</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Roy</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Romanow</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and Vice-Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Peter</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Stoicheff</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Provost and Vice-Pres. for Acad.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Prof. Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <VERBATIM-NAME>Airini</VERBATIM-NAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Finance and Resources</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Greg</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Fowler</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Research</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Karen</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Chad</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Univ. Relations.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Debra Pozega</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Osburn</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Registrar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Russell</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Isinger</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Sec.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Chelsea </FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Willness</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dean for Univ. Library</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Melissa</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Just</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT>see under Libraries and Archives</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT>
              <TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="1090"/>
            </TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT>
              <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="21370"/>
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">College of Agriculture and Bioresources</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Angela</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Bedard-Haughn </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">College of Arts and Science</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Peta</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Bonham-Smith </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">College of Dentistry</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Doug</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Brothwell </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">College of Education</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Michelle</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Prytula</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">College of Engineering</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Suzanne</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Kresta</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">College of Graduate and Postdoctoral Studies </SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME> Debby</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Burshtyn</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">College of Kinesiology</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Chad</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>London</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">College of Law</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Martin</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Phillipson</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">College of Medicine</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Preston</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Smith </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">College of Nursing</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Solina</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Richter </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">College of Pharmacy and Nutrition</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Jane</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Alcorn </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Edwards School of Business</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Keith A.</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Willoughby </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Western College of Veterinary Medicine</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Gillian</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Muir</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.201608081224.0001" INDEX="Y"
        PREVUPDATES="08.08.2016, 23.03.2018, 04.05.2018, 31.07.2019, 10.08.2021"
        UPDATED="25.01.2023" RETURNED="21.01.2020" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>University of the Fraser Valley</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>33844 King Rd, <CITY>Abbotsford</CITY>, BC <POSTCODE>V2S
                7M8</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(604) 504-7441</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@ufv.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.ufv.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1974"/> as Fraser Valley College, present name and status
              2008</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">also School of Graduate Studies; campuses in
            Chilliwack, Chandigarh (India)</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Gwen</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Point</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and Vice-Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Joanne</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>MacLean </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Provost and Vice-Pres. for Acad.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>James</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Mandigo </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Admin. and Chief Financial Officer</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Betty</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Poettcker</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Students</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Alisa</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Webb</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Registrar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>David </FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Johnstone</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Univ. Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Camille</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Callison</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT>
              <TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="720"/>
            </TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT>
              <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="15000"/>
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">College of Arts</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Sylvie</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Murray</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Applied and Technical Studies</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>John</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>English</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Health Sciences</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Alastair</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Hodges </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Professional Studies</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Tracy Ryder</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME> Glass</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Science</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Lucy</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Lee</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.5.1.47" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000338"
        PREVUPDATES="30.01.2009; 08.10.2003, 30.06.2010, 10.07.2014, 03.09.2014, 19.12.2014, 26.02.2015, 28.04.2016, 31.05.2017, 13.11.2017, 03.04.2018, 21.08.2018, 14.05.2019, 02.07.2019, 31.07.2019, 08.06.2020, 22.06.2020, 13.08.2020, 17.08.2020, 26.08.2020, 17.02.2021, 14.04.2021,10.06.2021, 15.07.2021, 16.07.2021, 20.08.2021, 18.01.2022, 15.06.2022"
        UPDATED="01.07.2022" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>University of Toronto</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>27 King&amp;rsquo;s College Circle, <CITY>Toronto</CITY>, ON
                <POSTCODE> M5S 1A1</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(416) 978-2011</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>helpdesk.utm@utoronto.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.utoronto.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1827"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
          <LANGUAGE>
            <SPOKEN LANG="English"/>
          </LANGUAGE>
          <ACAD-YEAR><FROM-MONTH MONTH="SEPTEMBER"/><TO-MONTH MONTH="AUGUST"/> (semester
            system)</ACAD-YEAR>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">campuses in Mississauga, Toronto; also constituent
            colleges: Innis College; New College; University College; Woodsworth College</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Rose M.</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Patten</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Meric</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Gertler</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. and Provost</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Cheryl</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Regehr</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. and Prin. for Univ. of Toronto at Mississauga </JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Prof.</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Alexandra</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME> Gillespie</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. and Prin. for Univ. of Toronto at Scarborough </JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Wisdom</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Tettey</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Advancement</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>David</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Palmer</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Int.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Prof.</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Joseph</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Wong </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Research and Innovation and Strategic
              Initiatives</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Leah</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Cowen</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Univ. Registrar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Angelique</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Saweczko</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chief Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Larry P.</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Alford</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT>see under Libraries and Archives</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT>
              <TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="15110"/>
            </TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT>
              <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="95060"/>
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
          <PUB-GRP>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Journal of Undergraduate Life Sciences</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>1 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Transverse Journal</JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>University of Toronto Journal of Political Science</JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>University of Toronto Law Journal</JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>University of Toronto Medical Journal</JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
          </PUB-GRP>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Dalla Lana School of Public Health</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Adalsteinn</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Brown</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Factor-Inwentash Faculty of Social Work</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Prof.</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Charmaine</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME> Williams</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Applied Science and Engineering </SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Christopher</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Yip</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Arts and Science</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Prof.</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Melanie</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME> Woodin</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING">Faculty of Dentistry</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Laura</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Tam</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Forestry</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Robert</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Wright</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Information</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Prof.</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Wendy</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Duff </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Kinesiology and Physical Education</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Gretchen</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Kerr</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Law</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Prof.</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Jutta</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Brunn&amp;eacute;e </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Music</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Ellie</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Hisama </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">John H. Daniels Faculty of Architecture, Landscape and
                  Design</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Prof.</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Juan</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Du</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Lawrence S. Bloomberg Faculty of Nursing</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Linda</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Johnston</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Leslie Dan Faculty of Pharmacy</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Lisa</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Dolovich</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING">Ontario Institute for Studies in Education </SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Normand</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Labrie </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Rotman School of Management</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Susan</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Christoffersen</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">School of Continuing Studies</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Catherine</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Chandler-Crichlow </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">School of Graduate Studies</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Prof.</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Joshua</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Barker </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Temerty Faculty of Medicine</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Prof.</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Trevor</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Young </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="PROFESSORS"/>
            <SUB-ADDON>
              <TITLE>Factor-Inwentash Faculty of Social Work</TITLE>
              <STAFFLIST>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Barber</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Bogo</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Hulchanski</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Lightman</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>E.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>McDonald</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>L.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Neysmith</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Shera</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>W.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
              </STAFFLIST>
            </SUB-ADDON>
            <SUB-ADDON>
              <TITLE>Faculty of Applied Science and Engineering</TITLE>
              <STAFFLIST>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Aarabi</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Electrical and Computer Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Abdelrahman</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>T.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Electrical and Computer Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Adams</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>B. J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Civil Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Aitchison</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Electrical and Computer Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Allen</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Chemical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Balke</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>S. T.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Chemical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Bawden</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>W.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Civil Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Bidleman</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>T.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Chemical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Birkemoe</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P. C.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Civil Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Bonert</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Electrical and Computer Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Boocock</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D. G. B.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Chemical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Boulton</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P. I. P.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Electrical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Byer</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P. H.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Civil Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Chaffey</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>C. E.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Chemical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Charles</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M. E.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Chemical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Cheng</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>Y.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Chemical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Chow</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Electrical and Computer Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Cluett</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>W.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Chemical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Cobbold</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R. S. C.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Institute of Biomedical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Collins</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M. P.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Civil Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Cormack</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D. E.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Chemical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Coyle</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>T.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Chemical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Curran</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. H.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Civil Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Davies</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Electrical and Computer Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Davison</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>E. J. A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Electrical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Dawson</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>F.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Electrical and Computer Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Dewan</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>S. B.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Electrical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Diamond</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Chemical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Diosady</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>L. L.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Chemical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Edwards</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>E.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Chemical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Eizenman</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Electrical and Computer Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Erb</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>U.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Materials Science</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Evans</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>G.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Chemical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Farnood</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Chemical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Foulkes</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>F. R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Chemical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Fox</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M. S.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Industrial Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Francis</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>B. A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Electrical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Frecker</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Electrical and Computer Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Fulthorpe</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Chemical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Goldenberg</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A. A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Mechanical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Gulack</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Electrical and Computer Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Hatzinakos</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Electrical and Computer Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Herman</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Electrical and Computer Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Hooton</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Civil Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Iravani</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M. R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Electrical and Computer Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Jacobsen</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>H.-A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Electrical and Computer Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>James</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D. F.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Mechanical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Jardine</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A. K. S.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Industrial Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Jia</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>C.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Chemical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Joy</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Electrical and Computer Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Karney</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>B.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Civil Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Kawaji</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Chemical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Kirk</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D. W.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Chemical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Konrad</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Electrical and Computer Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Kortschot</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Chemical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Kschischang</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>F.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Electrical and Computer Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Kuhn</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Chemical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Kunov</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>H.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Biomedical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Kwong</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R. H.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Electrical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Lavers</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Electrical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Lee</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>E. S.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Electrical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Lehn</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Electrical and Computer Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Leon-Garcia</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Electrical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Li</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Mechanical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Lo</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>H.-K.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Electrical and Computer Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Luus</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Chemical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>McKague</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Chemical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Mandelis</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Mechanical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Mann</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Electrical and Computer Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Martin</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>K.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Electrical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Measures</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R. M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Aerospace Studies</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Meguid</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>S. A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Mechanical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Miller</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>E. J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Civil Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Mims</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>C. A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Chemical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Mohanty</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>B.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Civil Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Ojha</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Chemical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Packer</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Civil Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Paradi</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Chemical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Park</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>C.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Mechanical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Pasupathy</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>S. P.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Electrical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Perovic</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Materials Science</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Reeve</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D. W.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Chemical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Rose</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Electrical and Computer Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Sain</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Chemical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Salama</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>C. A. T.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Electrical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Santerre</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Chemical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Saville</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>B.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Chemical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Sefton</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M. V.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Chemical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Semlyen</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Electrical and Computer Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Sevcik</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>K.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Electrical and Computer Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Sheikh</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>S. A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Civil Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Shoichet</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Chemical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Sleep</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>B.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Civil Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Smith</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>K. C.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Electrical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Smith</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P. W.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Electrical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Sodhi</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Sousa</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>E.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Electrical and Computer Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Terzopoulos</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Electrical and Computer Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Tran</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>H. N.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Chemical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Trass</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>O.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Chemical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Turksen</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>I. B.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Industrial Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Vecchio</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>F. J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Civil Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Venetsanopoulos</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A. N.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Electrical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Venter</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R. D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Mechanical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Vranesic</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>Z. G.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Electrical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Wallace</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. S.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Mechanical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Wang</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>Z.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Materials Science</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Wania</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>F.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Chemical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Ward</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>C. A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Mechanical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Wonham</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>W. M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Electrical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Woodhouse</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>K.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Chemical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Wright</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P. M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Civil Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Yan</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>N.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Chemical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Yip</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>C.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Chemical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Young</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Civil Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Zaky</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>S. G.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Electrical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Zandstra</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Chemical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Zukotynski</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Electrical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
              </STAFFLIST>
            </SUB-ADDON>
            <SUB-ADDON>
              <TITLE>Faculty of Arts and Science</TITLE>
              <STAFFLIST>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Abbatt</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Chemistry</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Abouhaidar</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M. G.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Botany</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Abraham</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R. G.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Astronomy and Astrophysics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Accinelli</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R. D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">History</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Adler</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>E.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Political Science</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Aivazian</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>V. A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Economics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Alloway</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>T. M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Psychology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Anderson</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>G. M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Geology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Anderson</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. B.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Botany</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Arnheim</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>C.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Geography</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Arthur</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. G.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Mathematics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Aster</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> History</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Astington</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> English</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Bacchus</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>F.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Computer Science</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Bailey</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D. C.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Physics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Bailey</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R. C.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Physics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Baird</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> English</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Baker</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Economics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Bakich</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>O.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Slavic Languages and Literature</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Baldus</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>B.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Sociology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Barnes</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>C. J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Slavic Languages and Literature</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Barrett</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>F. M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Zoology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Barrett</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>S. C. H.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Botany</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Barzda</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>V.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Physics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Bashkevin</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Political Science</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Beiner</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R. S.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Political Science</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Benjamin</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Economics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Berger</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>C. C.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> History</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Berkowitz</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M. K.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Economics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Bewell</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> English</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Bierstone</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>E.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Mathematics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Binnick</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R. I.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Linguistics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Birgeneau</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R. J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Physics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Bisztray</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>G.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Slavic Languages and Literature</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Blake</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>T.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Botany</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Blanchard</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P. H.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">History</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Bland</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. S.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Mathematics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Bliss</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> History</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Bloom</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>T.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Mathematics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Boddy</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Anthropology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Bodemann</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Sociology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Bolton</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>C. T.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Astronomy</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Bond</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Astronomy and Astrophysics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Boonstra</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Life Sciences</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Borodin</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A. B.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Computer Science</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Bothwell</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> History</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Bourne</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>L. S.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Geography</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Boyd</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Sociology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Braun</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Political Science</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Britton</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Geography</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Brook</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>T. J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> History, East Asian Studies</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Brooks</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D. R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Zoology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Brown</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>I. R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Zoology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Brown</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Philosophy</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Brown</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R. M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Humanities</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Brownlee</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. S.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">East Asian Studies</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Brudner</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Political Science</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Brumer</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P. W.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Chemistry</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Bryan</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R. B.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Geography</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Bryant</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Sociology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Brym</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R. J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Sociology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Buchweitz</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Mathematics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Bunce</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Geography</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Burke</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. F.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Spanish and Portuguese</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Burton</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>F. D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Anthropology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Cameron</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D. R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Political Science</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Canfield</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. V.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Philosophy</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Capozzi</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Italian Studies</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Carlberg</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R. G.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Physical Sciences</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Carr</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. L.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Economics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Casas</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>F. R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Economics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Chamberlin</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. E.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">English</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Cheetham</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Fine Art</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Chen</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Geography</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Chin</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Chemistry</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Ching</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. C.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Religious Studies</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Clarke</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>W. H.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Astronomy</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Clivio</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>G. P.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Italian Studies</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Code</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R. F.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Physics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Cook</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>S. A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Computer Science</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Corman</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>B.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> English Literature</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Corneil</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D. G.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Mathematics, Computer Science</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Crawford</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>G.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Anthropology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Cruden</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Geology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Cummins</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>W. R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Botany</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Cunningham</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>F. A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Philosophy, Political Science</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Danesi</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Italian Studies</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Day</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R. B.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Political Economy</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>De Kerckhove</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">French</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>De Quehen</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A. H.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">English</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>De Sousa</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Philosophy</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Del Junco</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Mathematics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Dengler</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>N. G.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Botany</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Denny</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M. G. S.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Economics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Dent</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> History</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Desai</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R. C.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Physics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Dewar</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Classics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Dewees</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D. N.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Political Economy</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Diamond</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Geography</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Dion</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P.-E.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Near Eastern Studies</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Donaldson</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Chemistry</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Donnelly</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M. W.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Political Science, East Asian Studies</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Drummond</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Physics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Dunlop</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D. J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Physics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Edwards</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>E.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Botany</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Edwards</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R. N.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Physics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Eisenbichler</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>K.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Italian</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Elliott</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>G. A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Mathematics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Enright</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>W. H.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Mathematics, Computer Science</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Erickson</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>B. H.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Sociology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Espie</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>G.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Botany</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Evans</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M. J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Statistics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Eyles</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>N.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Physical Sciences</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Faig</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Economics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Falkenheim</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>V. C.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Political Science, East Asian Studies</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Farrar</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Chemistry</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Fenner</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> German</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Fiume</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>E.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Computer Science</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Foot</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D. K.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Economics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Forbes</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>H. D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Political Science</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Forguson</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>L. W.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Franceschetti</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Italian Studies</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Friedlander</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. B.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Mathematics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Friedmann</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>H. B.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Sociology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Fuss</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M. A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Economics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Gad</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>G. H. K.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Geography</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Galloway</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. H.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Geography</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Gartner</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R. I.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Sociology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Georges</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Chemistry</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Gertler</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M. S.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Geography</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Gervers</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> History</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Gillis</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A. R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Sociology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Gittins</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Geology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Goering</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> History</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Goldstein</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Mathematics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Goldstick</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Philosophy</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Gotlieb</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>C.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Computer Science</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Gourieroux</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>C.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Economics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Graham</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>I. R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Mathematics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Greenwood</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>B.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Geography</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Greenwood</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>B.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Geology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Greer</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A. R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> History</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Greiner</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P. C.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Mathematics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Griffen</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P. A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Physics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Gross</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M. R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Zoology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Gunderson</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M. K.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Economics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Gwynne</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D. T.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Biology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Hagan</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. L.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Sociology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Halls</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>H. C.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Geological Sciences</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Hannigan</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Sociology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Hansell</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R. I. C.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Zoology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Harvey</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Geography</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Harvey</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>E.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Sociology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Harvey</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>E. R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> English</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Hayhoe</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> East Asian Studies</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Healey</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> English</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Heath</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M. C.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Botany</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Hehner</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>E. C. R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Computer Science</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Helmstadter</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R. J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">History</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Higgins</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>V. J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Botany</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Higgs</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D. C.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> History</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Hinton</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>G. E.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Computer Science</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Hirst</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>G.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Computer Science</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Holdom</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>B.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Physics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Horgen</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P. A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Botany</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Hori</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>K.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Physics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Horton</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Economics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Howard</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>K.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Geology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Howard</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P. J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> English</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Howell</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>N.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Sociology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Howson</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>S. K.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Social Sciences</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Hutcheon</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>L. A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">English</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Ingham</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. N.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> History</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Inwood</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>B. C.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Classics, Philosophy</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Israel</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> History</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Ivrii</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>V.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Mathematics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Jaakson</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Geography</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Jackson</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>H.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> English</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Jackson</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>K. R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Computer Science</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Jacobs</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A. E.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Physics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Jeffrey</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>L.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Mathematics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Jellinek</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Physics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Jepson</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A. D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Computer Science</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>John</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Physics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Johnson</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>W. M. L. A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Fine Art</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Johnston</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> English</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Jones</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Classics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Jones</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>C. L.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Sociology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Jump</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>G. V.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Economics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Jurdjevic</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>V.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Mathematics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Kapral</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R. E.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Chemistry</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Kapranov</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Mathematics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Kay</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>L.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Chemistry</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Kee</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>H.-K.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Physics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Keith</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>W. J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> English</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Kervin</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. B.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Sociology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Key</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A. W.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Physics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Khesin</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>B.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Mathematics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Khovanskii</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Mathematics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Kim</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>H.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Mathematics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Kim</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>Y.-B.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Physics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Klausner</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D. N.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">English</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Klein</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M. A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> History</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Kluger</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R. H.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Chemistry</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Kofman</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>L.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Astronomy</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Kramer</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>C. E.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Slavic Languages and Literature</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Krieger</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Physics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Krull</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>U.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Chemistry</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Kukla</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Psychology, Philosophy</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Lambek</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M. J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Anthropology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Lancashire</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A. C.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">English</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Lancashire</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D. I.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">English</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Lantz</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>K. A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Slavic Languages and Literature</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Lautens</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Chemistry</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Leduc</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>L.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Political Science</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Lee</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M. J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Physics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Lee</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R. B.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Anthropology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Leggatt</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A. M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">English</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Lehman</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A. B.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Computer Science</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Levesque</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>H. J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Computer Science</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Lo</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>H.-K.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Physics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Logan</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Physics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Lorimer</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. W.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Mathematics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Luke</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Physics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Luong</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>H. V.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Anthropology, East Asian Studies</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Luste</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>G. J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Physics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Lynn</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> East Asian Studies</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Lyubich</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Mathematics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>McClelland</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R. A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Chemistry</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>McDonald</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Chemistry</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>McIlwraith</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>T.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Geography</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Magee</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Classics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Magill</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D. W.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Sociology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Magnusson</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>L.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> English</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Magocsi</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P. R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Political Science</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Malloch</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D. W.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Botany</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Manners</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>I.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Chemistry</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Margoribanks</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Physics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Martin</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. F.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Physics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Martin</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P. G.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Astronomy</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Mathewson</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>G. F.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Political Economy</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Mathon</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R. A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Mathematics, Computer Science</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Matus</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> English</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Melino</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Economics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Mendelsohn</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>E.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Mathematics, Computer Science</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Mendelzon</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A. O.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Computer Science</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Menzinger</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Chemistry</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Merrilees</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>B.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> French</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Miall</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A. D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Geology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Michelson</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>W.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Sociology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Mikhalkin</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>G.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Mathematics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Milkereit</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>B.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Physics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Miller</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Chemistry</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Miller</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Physics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Milman</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Mathematics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Mims</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>C.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Chemistry</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Mintz</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Economics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Miron</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Geography</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Mitrovicha</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. X.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Physics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Mochnacki</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Astronomy</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Moggridge</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D. E.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Economics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Moore</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>G.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Physics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Morgan</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>K. P.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Philosophy</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Morris</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>G. K.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Zoology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Morris</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Chemistry</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Morris</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>S. W.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Physics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Morrison</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. C.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Philosophy</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Munk</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>L.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> English</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Munro</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D. S.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Geography</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Murnaghan</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>F.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Mathematics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Murray</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>H.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> English</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Murray</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>N.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Astronomy</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Murty</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>V.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Mathematics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Myles</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Sociology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Mylopoulos</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Computer Science</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Nachman</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Mathematics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Nedelski</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Political Science</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Netterfield</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>B.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Physics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Neuman</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> English</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Noyes</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. K.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> German</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>O&amp;rsquo;Day</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Zoology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>O&amp;rsquo;Donnell</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P. J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Physics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Oliver</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>W. A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> French</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Orchard</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> English</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Orchard</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>I.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Zoology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Orr</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R. S.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Physics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Orwin</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>C. L.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Political Science</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Osborne</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Economics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>O&amp;rsquo;Toole</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Sociology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Ozin</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>G. A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Chemistry</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Pangle</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>T. L.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Political Science</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Paterson</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">French</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Pauly</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Political Science, Economics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Peet</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Physics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Peltier</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>W. R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Physics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Percy</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Astronomy</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Perron</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> French</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Pietropaolo</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Italian</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Pitassi</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>T.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Computer Science</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Polanyi</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. C.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Chemistry</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Poppitz</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>E.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Physics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Powell</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Chemistry</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Priestley</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>L. C.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">East Asian Studies</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Pruessen</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R. W.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">History</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Pugliese</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>G.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Italian</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Rackoff</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>C. W.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Computer Science</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Rayside</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D. M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Political Science</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Redekop</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> English</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Reibetanz</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. H.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">English</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Reid</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Fine Art</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Reid</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>F. J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Economics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Reisz</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R. R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Zoology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Reitz</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. G.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Sociology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Relph</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>T.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Geography</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Repka</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. S.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Mathematics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Rice</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>K. D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Linguistics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Richardson</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D. S.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Fine Art</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Rising</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Zoology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Robin</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P. Y.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Geological Science</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Rosenthal</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Mathematics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Rosenthal</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Mathematics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Rossos</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> History</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Rubinoff</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Political Science</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Rutherford</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">History</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Salaff</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. W.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Sociology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Sandbrook</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>K. R. J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Political Science</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Sanders</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>G.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> East Asian Studies</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Savard</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Physics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Schwartz</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D. V.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Political Science</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Scott</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>S. D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Geology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Seager</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>W. E.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Philosophy</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Seaquist</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>E. R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Astronomy</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Seary</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P. D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> English</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Seco</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>L.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Mathematics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Selick</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Mathematics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Seliger</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>F.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> German</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Sevcik</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>K. C.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Computer Science</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Shaw</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>W. D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> English</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Shen</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>V.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> East Asian Studies</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Shepherd</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>T.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Physics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Sherk</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Mathematics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Sherwood Lollar</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>B.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Geology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Shi</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Economics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Shub</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Mathematics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Sigmon</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>B. A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Anthropology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Silcox</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Political Science</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Simeon</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Political Science, Law</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Siow</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Economics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Sipe</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. E.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Physics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Skogstad</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>G. D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Political Science</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Smith</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. J. B.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Zoology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Smyth</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> History</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Soecki</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> English</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Sohm</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P. L.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Fine Art</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Solomon</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P. H.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Political Science</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Solomon</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Political Science</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Spooner</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>E. T.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Geology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Sprules</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>W. G.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Zoology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Statt</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>B.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Physics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Stein</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Political Science</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Steinberg</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Physics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Sternberg</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Spanish and Portuguese</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Stevens</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> English</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Stren</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R. E.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Political Science</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Strong</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>K.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Physics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Sulem</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>C.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Mathematics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Sullivan</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> English</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Sumner</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>L. W.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Philosophy</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Taillefer</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>L.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Physics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Tall</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>F. D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Mathematics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Tanner</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Sociology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Tanny</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Mathematics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Teichman</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Political Science</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Tepperman</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>L. J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Sociology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Terzopolous</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Computer Science</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Thompson</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. C.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Chemistry</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Thompson</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Chemistry</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Thompson</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R. P.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Philosophy</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Thomson</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>L.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> English</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Thywissen</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Physics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Tobe</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>S. S.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Zoology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Townsend</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> English</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Trebilock</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Economics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Trefler</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Economics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Trischuk</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>W.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Physics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Trott</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> French</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Tuohy</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>C.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Political Science</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Turner</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D. H.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Anthropology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Urquhart</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A. I. F.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Philosophy</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Van driel</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>H. M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Physics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Vipond</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Political Science</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Virag</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>B.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Mathematics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Wagle</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>N. K.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> History</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Walker</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M. B.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Physics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Waterhouse</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D. B.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">East Asian Studies</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Wei</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Physics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Weinrib</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>L.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Political Science</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Weiss</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>W. A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Mathematics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Wellman</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>B. S.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Sociology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Westgate</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Geology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Wheaton</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>B.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Sociology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>White</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>G.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Political Science</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>White</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R. R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Geography</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Whittington</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>S. G.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Chemistry</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Williams</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D. D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Life Sciences</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Wilson</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>F. F.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Philosophy</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Wolfe</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Political Science</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Wooldridge</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>T. R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">French</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Wortman</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D. B.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Computer Science</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Young</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R. P.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Geology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Youson</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. H.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Zoology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Yu</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>E.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Computer Science</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Zimmerman</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A. M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Zoology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
              </STAFFLIST>
            </SUB-ADDON>
            <SUB-ADDON>
              <TITLE>Faculty of Dentistry</TITLE>
              <STAFFLIST>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Bennick</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Davies</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Deporter</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D. A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Ellen</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R. P.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Ferrier</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Freeman</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>E.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Heersche</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. N. M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Leake</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. L.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Levine</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>N.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Lewis</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D. W.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Locker</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>McComb</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>McCulloch</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>C. A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Main</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. H. P.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Mayhall</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. T.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Melcher</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A. H.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Mock</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Pilliar</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R. M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Sandham</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>H. J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Sessle</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>B. J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Sodek</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Symington</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Ten Cate</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A. R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Tenenbaum</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>H. C.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Watson</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P. A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Zarb</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>G. A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
              </STAFFLIST>
            </SUB-ADDON>
            <SUB-ADDON>
              <TITLE>Faculty of Law</TITLE>
              <STAFFLIST>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Beatty</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D. M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Benson</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Brudner</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Brun&amp;eacute;e</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Chapman</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>B.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Cook</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Cossman</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>B.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Daniels</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Dewees</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Dickens</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>B.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Dyzenhaus</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Flood</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>C.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Friedland</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Green</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Hagan</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Janisch</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>H.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Langille</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>B.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Lee</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>I.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Macklem</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Nedelsky</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Phillips</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>R&amp;eacute;aume</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Ripstein</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Roach</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>K.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Rogerson</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>C.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Simeon</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Sossin</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Trebilock</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Waddams</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Weinrib</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>E.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Weinrib</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>L.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
              </STAFFLIST>
            </SUB-ADDON>
            <SUB-ADDON>
              <TITLE>Faculty of Music</TITLE>
              <STAFFLIST>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Armenian</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Dir of Orchestral Activities</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Hartenberger</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Percussion, Graduate Co-ordinator</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Hatzis</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>C.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Composition</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Hawkins</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Theory and Composition</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Laufer</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>E. C.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Music Theory</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>MacDonald</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>L.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Voice Studies</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Shand</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P. M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Music Education</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
              </STAFFLIST>
            </SUB-ADDON>
            <SUB-ADDON>
              <TITLE>John H. Daniels Faculty of Architecture, Landscape and Design</TITLE>
              <STAFFLIST>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Corneil</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>C. S.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Eardley</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
              </STAFFLIST>
            </SUB-ADDON>
            <SUB-ADDON>
              <TITLE>Lawrence S. Bloomberg Faculty of Nursing</TITLE>
              <STAFFLIST>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Gallop</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Hillan</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>E.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Hodnett</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>E.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>McKeever</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>O&amp;rsquo;Brien-Pallas</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>L.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Pringle</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Stevens</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>B.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
              </STAFFLIST>
            </SUB-ADDON>
            <SUB-ADDON>
              <TITLE>Leslie Dan Faculty of Pharmacy</TITLE>
              <STAFFLIST>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>O&amp;rsquo;Brien</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P. J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Pang</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>K. S.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Perrier</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D. G.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Robinson</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. B.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Segal</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>H.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Stieb</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>E. W.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> History of Pharmacy</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Thiessen</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Uetrecht</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. P.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
              </STAFFLIST>
            </SUB-ADDON>
            <SUB-ADDON>
              <TITLE>Ontario Institute for Studies in Education</TITLE>
              <STAFFLIST>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Acker</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Sociology and Equity Studies in Education, Theory and
                    Policy Studies in Education </SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Astington</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Human Development</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Beck</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>C.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Curriculum, Teaching and Learning</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Bogdan</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Theory and Policy and Studies in Education</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Boyd</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Theory and Policy Studies in Education</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Cole</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Adult Education</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Connelly</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Curriculum, Teaching and Learning</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Corter</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>C. M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Cumming</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Curriculum, Teaching and Learning</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Cummins</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Curriculum, Teaching and Learning</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Darroch-Lozowski</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>V.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Curriculum, Teaching and Learning</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Davie</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>L.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Curriculum, Teaching and Learning</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Dei</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>G.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Sociology and Equity Studies in Education</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Diamond</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Eichler</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Sociology and Equity Studies in Education</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Farrell</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Curriculum, Teaching and Learning, Theory and Policy
                    Studies in Education </SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Gaskell</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Sociology and Equity Studies in Education</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Geva</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>E.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Curriculum, Teaching and Learning</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Guttman</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M. A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Counselling Psychology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Hannay</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>L.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Curriculum, Teaching and Learning</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Harvey</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>E.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Sociology and Equity Studies in Education</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Hayhoe</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Theory and Policy Studies in Education</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Heller</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Sociology and Equity Studies in Education</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Hodson</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Curriculum, Teaching and Learning</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Jenkins</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Human Development</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Jordan</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Curriculum, Teaching and Learning</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Keating</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Human Development</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Knowles</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. G.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Adult Education</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Labrie</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>N.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Curriculum, Teaching and Learning</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Lang</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Theory and Policy Studies in Education</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Lapkin</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Curriculum, Teaching and Learning</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Leithwood</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>K.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Theory and Policy Studies in Education</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Lenskyj</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>H.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Sociology and Equity Studies in Education</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Levine</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Theory and Policy Studies in Education</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Lewis</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Human Development</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Livingstone</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Sociology and Equity Studies in Education</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>McLean</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Curriculum, Teaching and Learning</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Miezitis</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Teacher Education</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Miller</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Curriculum, Teaching and Learning</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Misgeld</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Theory and Policy Studies in Education</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Moore</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>C.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Human Development</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Ng</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Adult Education, Sociology and Equity Studies in
                    Education</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>O&amp;rsquo;Sullivan</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>E.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Adult Education</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Oatley</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>K.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Human Development</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Olson</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Human Development</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Pascal</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>C.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Theory and Policy Studies in Education</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Pierson</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R. R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Sociology and Equity Studies in Education</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Piran</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>N.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Counselling Psychology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Portelli</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Theory and Policy Studies in Education</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Quarter</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Adult Education</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Ross</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Curriculum, Teaching and Learning</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Ryan</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Theory and Policy Studies in Education</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Scardamalia</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Curriculum, Teaching and Learning</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Simon</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Curriculum, Teaching and Learning</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Skolnik</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Theory and Policy Studies in Education</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Spada</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>N.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Curriculum, Teaching and Learning</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Stanovich</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>K.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Curriculum, Teaching and Learning</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Stermac</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>L.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Counselling Psychology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Swain</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Curriculum, Teaching and Learning</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Thiessen</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Curriculum, Teaching and Learning</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Troper</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>H.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Theory and Policy Studies in Education</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Volpe</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Human Development</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Wiener</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Human Development</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Willows</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Curriculum, Teaching and Learning</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Wilson</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Curriculum, Teaching and Learning, Theory and Policy
                    Studies in Education </SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
              </STAFFLIST>
            </SUB-ADDON>
            <SUB-ADDON>
              <TITLE>Rotman School of Management</TITLE>
              <STAFFLIST>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Aivazian</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>V.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING"> Finance</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Amburgey</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>T.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING"> Strategic Management</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Amernic</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING"> Accounting</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Baum</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING"> Strategic Management</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Beatty</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING"> Strategic Management</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Berkowitz</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING"> Finance</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Berman</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>O.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING"> Operations Management</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Bird</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING"> Economics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Booth</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>L.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING"> Finance</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Borins</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING"> Public Management</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Brean</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING"> Business Economics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Brooks</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>L.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING"> Business Ethics and Accounting</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Callen</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING"> Accounting</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>D&amp;rsquo;Cruz</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING">Strategic Management</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Dobson</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>W.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING"> International Business</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Duan</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.-C.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING"> Finance</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Evans</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING"> Organizational Behaviour</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Feldman</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING"> Business Economics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Fleck</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING"> Business Government Relations</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Golden</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>B.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING"> Strategic Management</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Gunz</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>H.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING"> Organizational Behaviour</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Halpern</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING"> Finance</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Horstmann</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>I.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING"> Business Economics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Hughes</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING"> Strategic Management, Space Systems</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Hull</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING"> Finance</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Hyatt</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING"> Business Economics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Kirzner</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>E.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING"> Finance</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Kolodny</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>H.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING"> Organizational Behaviour</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Latham</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>G.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING"> Organizational Effectiveness</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>McCurdy</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>T.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING"> Finance</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Martin</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING"> Strategic Management</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Menzefricke</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>U.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING">Operations Management</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Mintz</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING"> Taxation</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Mitchell</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING"> Marketing</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Moorthy</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING"> Marketing</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Ondrack</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING"> Organizational Behaviour</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Pauly</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING"> Economics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Smieliauskas</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>W.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING">Accounting</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Soman</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING"> Marketing</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Stark</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING"> Strategic Management</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Strange</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>W.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING"> Urban Economics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Tombak</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING"> Technology Management</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Trefler</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING"> Business Economics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>White</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING"> Finance</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Whyte</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>G.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING"> Organizational Behaviour</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Wilson</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>T.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING"> Economics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
              </STAFFLIST>
            </SUB-ADDON>
            <SUB-ADDON>
              <TITLE>School of Graduate Studies</TITLE>
              <STAFFLIST>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Angenot</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Comparative Literature</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Beattie</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Criminology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Bond</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R. J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Theoretical Astronomy</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Bryden</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Drama</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Cohen</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. S.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Graduate Studies</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Doob</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A. N.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Criminology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Hacking</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>I. M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">History and Philosophy of Science and
                    Technology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Harianto</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>F.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> International Studies</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Healey</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A. D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Medieval Studies</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Hernandez</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>C.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> International Studies</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Kaiser</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>N.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Theoretical Astronomy</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Levere</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>T. H.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> History and Philosophy of Science and
                    Technology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Marker</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>L. L.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Drama</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Martin</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P. G.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Theoretical Astronomy</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Nesselroth</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P. W.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Comparative Literature</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Pesando</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. E.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Policy Analysis</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Rigg</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A. G.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Medieval Studies</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Shearing</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>C. D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Criminology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Stenning</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P. C.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Criminology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Stock</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>B. C.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Comparative Literature</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Tremaine</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>S. D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Theoretical Astronomy</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Valverde</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M. V.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Criminology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Winsor</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M. P.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> History and Philosophy of Science and
                    Technology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
              </STAFFLIST>
            </SUB-ADDON>
            <SUB-ADDON>
              <TITLE>Temerty Faculty of Medicine</TITLE>
              <STAFFLIST>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Abel</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Otolaryngology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Ackermann</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>U.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Physiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Adamson</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Obstetrics and Gynaecology, Paediatrics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Adeli</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>K.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Anderson</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>G. H.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Nutrition and Food Sciences</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Andrews</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>B. J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Medical Genetics and Microbiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Andrulis</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>I.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pathobiology, Microbiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Archer</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M. C.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Nutritional Studies</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Arrowsmith</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>C.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Immunology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Asa</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Atwood</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>H. L.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Physiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Aubin</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Medical Biophysics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Axelrad</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A. A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Medical Biophysics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Baines</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A. D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Clinical Biochemistry</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Baker</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R. R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Medicine</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Barker</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>G.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Anaesthesia</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Baumal</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pathology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Bazett-Jones</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Biochemistry</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Belik</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Paediatrics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Benchimol</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Medical Biophysics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Benson</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>L.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Paediatrics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Bergeron</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>C.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Bevan</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Anaesthesia</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Bhavnani</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>B.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Obstetrics and Gynaecology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Biggar</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>W. D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Paediatrics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Bissonetee</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>B.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Anaesthesia</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Blake</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Obstetrics and Gynaecology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Blanchette</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>V.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Paediatrics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Blencowe</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>B.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Medical Research, Microbiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Blumenthal</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Bocking</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Obstetrics and Gynaecology, Physiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Boggs</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Bognar</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Microbiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Bohn</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Anaesthesia</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Boone</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>C.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Medical Research</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Boonstra</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Zoology, Physiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Bouffet</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>E.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Paediatrics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Boyd</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>N.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Medical Biophysics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Breslin</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>C.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Ophthalmology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Bret</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Bronskill</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Immunology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Brown</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Otolaryngology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Brubaker</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Physiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Brunton</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Buncic</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Ophthalmology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Burnham</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>W. M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Pharmacology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Burns</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Medical Biophysics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Busto</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>U.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pharmacology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Butany</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Butler</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Physiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Byrick</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Anaesthesia</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Camerman</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>N.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Biochemistry</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Campbell</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. B.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Microbiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Carlen</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P. L.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Medicine</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Casper</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R. F.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Obstetrics and Gynaecology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Challis</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Physiology and Obstetrics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Chamberlain</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Chan</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>H. S.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Biochemistry</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Chan</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>S. L.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Paediatrics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Chan</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>V. L.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Microbiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Charlton</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M. P.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Physiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Chetty</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Chiang</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>L.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Chitayat</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Paediatrics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Chung</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>F. F.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Anaesthesia</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Clarke</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Biochemistry</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Clarke</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. T. R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Paediatrics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Coates</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Paediatrics, Physiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Cole</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Cole</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Otolaryngology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Colgan</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>T.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Covens</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Obstetrics and Gynaecology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Cruz</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>T.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Crysdale</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>W. S.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Otolaryngology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Cunnane</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Nutritional Sciences</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Cunningham</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Medical Biophysics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Daneman</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Medical Imaging</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Daneman</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Paediatrics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Danska</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Medical Biophysics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Deber</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>C. M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Medical Biophysics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Deboni</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>U.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Physiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Dennis</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>De Petrillo</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A. D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Obstetrics and Gynaecology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Diamandis</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>E.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Diamant</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>N. E.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Physiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Dick</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. E.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Microbiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Dirks</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>F.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Medicine</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Dirks</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Medicine</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Dixon</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>W.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Ophthalmology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Dorian</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pharmacology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Dosch</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>H.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Paediatrics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Dostrovsky</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. O.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Physiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Drucker</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D. J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Drutz</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>H.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Obstetrics and Gynaecology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Dube</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>I.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Duffin</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Anaesthesia</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Dullin</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Medical Biophysics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Durie</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Paediatrics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Easterbrook</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Ophthalmology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Edwards</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Medical Research, Microbiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Ellen</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Ellis</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Otolaryngology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Emili</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Medical Research, Microbiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Farine</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Obstetrics and Gynaecology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Feldman</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>B. M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Paediatrics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Feldman</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>F.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Ophthalmology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Fernie</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>G. R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Surgery</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Fiedberg</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Otolaryngology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Fish</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>E.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Medical Biophysics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Fisher</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R. H. G.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Family and Community Medicine</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Fong</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>I.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Fornasier</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>V.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Forstner</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>G. G.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Paediatrics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Forstner</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Biochemistry</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Foster</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>F. S.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Medical Biophysics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Fox</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Medical Imaging</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Fox</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>G.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Anaesthesia</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Frecker</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Biomedical Engineering</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Freedman</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Freedman</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Paediatrics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Freedom</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Paediatrics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Freedom</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Freeman</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Otolaryngology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Friesen</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Medical Research</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>From</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>L.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Medicine</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Gallie</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>B.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Ophthalmology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Gallinger</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Ganoza</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M. C.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Medical Research</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Gare</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Obstetrics and Gynaecology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Gari&amp;eacute;py</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Medical Biochemistry</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Garvey</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M. B.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Medicine</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Geary</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Paediatrics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>George</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pharmacology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Gilday</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Medical Imaging</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Goldman</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>B. S.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Surgery</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Goldstein</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M. B.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Medicine</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Gotlieb</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A. I.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Pathology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Grant</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pharmacology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Greenberg</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>G. R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Medicine</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Greenberg</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M. L.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Paediatrics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Greenblatt</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. F.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Medical Research</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Greenwald</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Paediatrics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Greenwood</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>C.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Nutritional Sciences</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Grinstein</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Biochemistry</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Grynpas</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Guha</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Medical Biochemistry</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Gullane</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P. J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Otolaryngology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Gurd</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Biochemistry</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Halliday</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>W.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Hampson</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pharmacology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Hanley</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>W.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Paediatrics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Hanna</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>W.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Hannah</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Obstetrics and Gynaecology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Harrison</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Otolaryngology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Haslam</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Paediatrics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Hawke</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pathobiology, Otolaryngology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Hay</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. B.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Immunology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Hedley</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Medical Biophysics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Heersch</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pharmacology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Helm</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>T.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Paediatrics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Henkelman</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R. M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Medical Biophysics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Herschorn</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Urology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Hill</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Medical Biophysics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Hilliard</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Paediatrics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Hinek</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Ho Ping Kong</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Medicine </SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Howell</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Biochemistry</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Hughes</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>T.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Medical Research</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Hunt</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. W.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Medical Biophysics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Hyde</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Otolaryngology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Ikura</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Medical Biophysics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Inaba</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>T.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pharmacology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Ingles</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>C. J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Medical Research</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Iscove</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>N.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Medical Biochemistry</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Isenman</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D. E.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Biochemistry</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Jeejeebhoy</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>K. N.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Medicine</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Johnston</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>K. W.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Vascular Surgery</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Johnston</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Jorgensen</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A. O.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Anatomy and Cell Biology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Jothy</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Julius</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING"> Medical Biophysics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Kahn</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>H.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Kain</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>K.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Kalnins</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>V. I.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Histology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Kandel</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Kaplan</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Medical Genetics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Karmali</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Kay</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>L.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Biochemistry</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Keeley</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>F.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Biochemistry, Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Kerbel</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Medical Biophysics, Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Khanna</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pharmacology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Khokha</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Medical Biophysics, Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Kish</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pharmacology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Klip</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Biochemistry, Paediatrics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Koren</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>G.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Paediatrics, Pharmacology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Kovacs</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>K.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Kraft</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Ophthalmology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Kraftchik</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>B.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Paediatrics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Kraicer</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Physiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Krause</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>H.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Medical Research</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Kucharczyk</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>W.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Radiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Kuksis</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Medical Research</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Kunov</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>H.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Otolaryngology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Langer</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>B.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Surgery</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Langille</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>B. L.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Pathology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Lawee</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D. H.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Family and Community Medicine</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Lepock</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Medical Biophysics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Letarte</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Medical Biophysics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Levy</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>G. A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Medicine</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Lewis</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P. N.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Biochemistry</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Li</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R.-K.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Lickley</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>L.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Physiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Lickrish</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>G.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Obstetrics and Gynaecology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Liebgott</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>B.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Anatomy</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Liew</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>C. C.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Clinical Biochemistry</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Lingwood</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>C.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Biochemistry</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Liu</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>F.-F.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Medical Biophysics, Physiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Livingstone</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R. A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Obstetrics and Gynaecology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Logan</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>W. J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Paediatrics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Low</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Lye</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Obstetrics and Gynaecology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>MacDonald</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. F.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Physiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>McGeer</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>McGrail</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Otolaryngology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>McInnes</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R. R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Paediatrics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>MacKay</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Biomedical Communications</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>McKee</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>N.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Plastic Surgery</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>MacLennan</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D. H.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Medical Research</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Mahuran</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Mak</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>T.-W.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Medical Biophysics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Marks</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Neurobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Marsden</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Medical Biophysics, Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Marshall</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>V. W.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Behavioural Science</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Mazer</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>C. D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Anaesthesia</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Messner</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>H.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Medical Biophysics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Mickle</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Mickleborough</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>L.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Cardiac Surgery</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Milgram</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>N.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pharmacology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Miller</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>F.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Physiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Minden</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Medical Biophysics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Mock</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Moran</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>L.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Biochemistry</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Moran</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M. F.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Medical Research</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Morgan</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. E.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Obstetrics and Gynaecology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Mortimer</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>C. B.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Ophthalmology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Moscarello</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Mrosovsky</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>N.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Physiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Nag</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Nagy</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Medical Genetics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Naranjo</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>C. A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Pharmacology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Nedzelski</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Otolaryngology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Noble</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>W. H.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Anaesthesia</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Noyek</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A. M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Otolaryngology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>O&amp;rsquo;Brien</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Pharmacology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>O&amp;rsquo;Brodovich</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>H.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Paediatrics, Physiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>O&amp;rsquo;Dowd</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>B.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Pharmacology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Ohashi</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Medical Biophysics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Ohlsson</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Paediatrics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Okey</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A. B.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pharmacology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Olivieri</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>N.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Paediatrics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Opas</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Orser</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>B.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Anaesthesia, Physiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Osmond</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D. H.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Physiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Ottensmeyer</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>F. P.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Medical Biophysics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Pace-Asciak</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>C.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Pharmacology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Pai</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>E.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Biochemistry</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Paige</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>C.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Medical Biophysics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Pang</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>C.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Physiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Pang</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>K.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pharmacology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Pantalony</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Pappo</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Paediatrics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Papsin</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>F. R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Obstetrics and Gynaecology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Parker</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Ophthalmology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Parker</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pharmacology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Pavlin</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>C.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Ophthalmology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Pencharz</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Paediatrics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Penn</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>L.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Medical Biophysics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Penninger</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Medical Biophysics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Perlman</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Paediatrics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Peters</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>W. J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Plastic Surgery</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Pinkerton</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P. H.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Pathology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Plewes</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Medical Biophysics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Post</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pathobiology, Physiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Pritzker</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>K.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Prud&amp;rsquo;Homme</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>G.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Pulleyblank</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D. E.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Biochemistry</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Rabinovitch</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Paediatrics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Rachlis</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Rajalakshmi</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Rauth</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Medical Biophysics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Read</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>S. E.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Paediatrics, Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Regan</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Ophthalmology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Reithmeier</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Biochemistry</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Renlund</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Physiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Reznick</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> General Surgery</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Richardson</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>C.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Medical Biophysics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Riddell</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Ritchie</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. W. K.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Obstetrics and Gynaecology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Roberts</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>E.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Paediatrics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Robinson</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>G.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Psychiatry</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Roifman</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>C.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Paediatrics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Rose</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Medical Biophysics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Rotstein</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>O. D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Surgery</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Rowlands</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Medical Biophysics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Rutka</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Sadowski</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P. D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Medical Genetics, Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Sarma</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Sauder</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D. N.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Medicine</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Schatzker</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Surgery</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Schimmer</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>B. P.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Medical Research</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Schlichter</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>L.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Physiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Schmitt-Ulms</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>G.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Scully</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>H.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Cardiac Surgery</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Segall</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Biochemistry, Medical Genetics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Seidelman</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>W. E.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Family and Community Medicine</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Sellers</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>E. M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Pharmacology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Sermer</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Obstetrics and Gynaecology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Sessle</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>B.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Dentistry</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Seth</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Shah</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>C. P.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Preventive Medicine and Biostatistics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Sharpe</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Otolaryngology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Shear</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>N.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pharmcology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Shek</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Sherman</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Paediatrics, Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Shier</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R. M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Obstetrics and Gynaecology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Shime</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Obstetrics and Gynaecology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Shulman</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>H. S.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Radiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Shulman</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M. J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Immunology, Medical Genetics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Silverman</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Medicine</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Simor</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Siu</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>C. H.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Medical Research</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Slinger</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Anaesthesia</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Snead, III</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>O. C.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Paediatrics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Sodek</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Biochemistry</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Sole</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M. J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Medicine</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Sonnenberg</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>H.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Physiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Speakman</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Ophthalmology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Square</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Speech-Language Pathology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Squire</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Stein</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>H.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Ophthalmology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Steiner</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>G.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Medicine</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Stewart</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D. J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Stewart</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P. A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Anatomy and Cell Biology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Sun</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Physiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Tallett</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Paediatrics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Tannock</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>I.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Medical Biophysics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Tanswell</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>A.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Paediatrics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Tator</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>C. H.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Surgery</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Taylor</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>G.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Taylor</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>I. M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Anatomy</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Templeton</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D. M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Tenenbaum</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>H.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>TerBrugge</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>K.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Medical Imaging</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Thompson</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>L.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Nutrition</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Thorner</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Timmer</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>V.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Botany</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Tomlinson</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Otolaryngology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Trimble</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>W. S.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Biochemistry</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Tritchler</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Medical Biophysics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Trope</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>G.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Ophthalmology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Tsao</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Medical Biophysics, Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Tweed</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Physiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Uetecht</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pharmacology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Van Der Kooy</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D. J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Anatomy and Cell Biology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Van Nostrand</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Otolaryngology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Van Tol</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>H.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pharmacology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Vas</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Vellend</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>H.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Medicine</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Vranic</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Physiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Waddell</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. P.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Surgery</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Walfish</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P. G.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Otolaryngology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Wang</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>Y.-T.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Wanless</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>I.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Warsh</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pharmacology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Weisbrod</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>G.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Medical Imaging</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Weiser</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>W.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Medical Imaging</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Weitzman</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Paediatrics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Weksberg</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Paediatrics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Wells</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pharmacology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Wells</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pharmacology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Williams</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>D.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Biochemistry</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Willinsky</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>R.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Medical Imaging</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Wilson</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>B.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Medical Biophysics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Wilson</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>G.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Wilson</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Medical Imaging</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Wilson-Pauwels</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>L.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Biomedical Communications</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Wittnich</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>C.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Cardiac Surgery</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Wojtowicz</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Physiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Wolever</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>T.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Nutritional Sciences</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Wong</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J. T. F.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Biochemistry</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Wong</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>P.-Y.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Pathobiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Wong</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>S.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Medical Biophysics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Wood</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>L.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Medical Biophysics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Wood</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Medical Imaging</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Woodgett</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Medical Biophysics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Woolridge</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>N.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Biomedical Communications</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Wu</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>T. W.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Clinical Biochemistry</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Yaffe</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Medical Biophysics</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Yip</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>C. C.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Medical Research</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Yoo</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>S.-J.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Medical Imaging</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Zamel</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>N.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Otolaryngology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
                <STAFF>
                  <NAME>
                    <SURNAME>Zhou</SURNAME>
                    <FORENAME>M.</FORENAME>
                  </NAME>
                  <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED"> Physiology</SUBJECT>
                </STAFF>
              </STAFFLIST>
            </SUB-ADDON>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
        <ATTACHED-GRP ID="CA.5.1.47.2">
          <ATTACHED-GRP-TITLE>Federated Institutions</ATTACHED-GRP-TITLE>
          <ATTACH-LIST ID="CA.5.1.47.2.1">
            <SECONDARY ID="CA.5.1.47.2.1.2" TOWN="" INDEX="Y"
              PREVUPDATES="31.05.2017, 10.06.2021, 07.03.2022" UPDATED="15.06.2022" DP="NO"
              SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
              <TIBLOCK>
                <TITLE>Trinity College in University of Toronto</TITLE>
              </TIBLOCK>
              <BLOCK>
                <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">
                  <EMAIL>registrar@trinity.utoronto.ca</EMAIL>
                </CONTACT>
                <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
                  <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>6 Hoskin Ave, <CITY>Toronto</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>M5S 1H8
                    </POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
                </ADDRESS>
                <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
                  <NUMBER>(416) 978-2522</NUMBER>
                </TEL>
                <EMAIL>provost@trinity.utoronto.ca</EMAIL>
                <WWW>www.trinity.utoronto.ca</WWW>
                <FOUNDED>
                  <FOUND-PTEXT>
                    <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1851"/>
                  </FOUND-PTEXT>
                </FOUNDED>
                <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">faculties of arts, divinity</GEN-INFO>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Bill</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Graham</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Provost</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <ACAD-TITLE>Prof.</ACAD-TITLE>
                    <FORENAME>Mayo</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Moran </SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dean for Students</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Kristen</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Moore</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Registrar</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Nelson</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>De Melo</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="ACTING">Dir of Library</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Kate</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>MacDonald</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
                  <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="200000"/> vols</LIB-PTEXT>
                </LIB-VOL>
              </BLOCK>
            </SECONDARY>
            <SECONDARY ID="CA.5.1.47.2.1.1" TOWN="Toronto" INDEX="Y"
              PREVUPDATES="30.1.2009, 31.05.2017, 10.06.2021" UPDATED="15.06.2022"
              PREVRETURNS="05.03.2014, 10.02.2015" RETURNED="26.01.2016" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
              SLSDOCRF="sref">
              <TIBLOCK>
                <TITLE>University of St Michael&amp;rsquo;s College in University of Toronto</TITLE>
              </TIBLOCK>
              <BLOCK>
                <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Debra Matthews, Exec. Asst to the Pres.
                    <EMAIL>usmc.presidentsoffice@utoronto.ca </EMAIL></CONTACT>
                <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
                  <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>81 St Mary St, <CITY>Toronto</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>M5S 1J4
                    </POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
                </ADDRESS>
                <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
                  <NUMBER>(416) 926-1300</NUMBER>
                </TEL>
                <WWW>stmikes.utoronto.ca</WWW>
                <FOUNDED>
                  <FOUND-PTEXT>
                    <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1958"/>
                  </FOUND-PTEXT>
                </FOUNDED>
                <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">conducted by the Basilian Fathers; faculty
                  of theology</GEN-INFO>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <ACAD-TITLE>Cardinal</ACAD-TITLE>
                    <FORENAME>Thomas Christopher</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Collins</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and Vice-Chancellor</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                    <FORENAME>David</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Sylvester </SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Prin. and Vice-Pres.</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                    <FORENAME>Mark</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>McGowan </SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="ACTING">Chief Librarian</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>James</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Roussain</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
              </BLOCK>
            </SECONDARY>
            <SECONDARY ID="CA.5.1.47.2.1.3" INDEX="Y"
              PREVUPDATES="19.01.2016, 31.05.2017, 17.08.2020, 10.06.2021, 15.06.2022, 23.06.2022"
              UPDATED="07.07.2022" RETURNED="19.03.2019" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
              <TIBLOCK>
                <TITLE>Victoria University in University of Toronto</TITLE>
              </TIBLOCK>
              <BLOCK>
                <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Marsha Malcolm, Advancement Asst
                    <EMAIL>vic.alumni@utoronto.ca </EMAIL></CONTACT>
                <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
                  <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>73 Queen&amp;rsquo;s Park Cres., <CITY>Toronto</CITY>, ON
                      <POSTCODE> M5S 1K7</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
                </ADDRESS>
                <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
                  <NUMBER>(416) 585-4524</NUMBER>
                </TEL>
                <EMAIL>vic.registrar@utoronto.ca</EMAIL>
                <WWW>www.vicu.utoronto.ca</WWW>
                <FOUNDED>
                  <FOUND-PTEXT>
                    <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1836"/>
                  </FOUND-PTEXT>
                </FOUNDED>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                    <FORENAME>Nick</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Saul</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                    <FORENAME>Rhonda</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>McEwen </SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="ACTING">Prin. for Emmanuel College</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>John H.</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Young</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Prin. for Victoria College</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Angela</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Esterhammer</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dean for Students</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Kelley</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Castle</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chief Librarian</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Lisa J.</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Sherlock</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
                  <LIB-PTEXT>see under Libraries and Archives</LIB-PTEXT>
                </LIB-VOL>
              </BLOCK>
            </SECONDARY>
          </ATTACH-LIST>
        </ATTACHED-GRP>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.5.1.50" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000341"
        PREVUPDATES="29.06.2004, 27.01.2009, 03.07.2015, 11.12.2015, 23.03.2018, 31.07.2019, 06.07.2020, 17.02.2021, 16.07.2021"
        UPDATED="05.01.2022" PREVRETURNS="21.03.2011" RETURNED="22.01.2013" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>University of Victoria</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>POB 1700, Station CSC, <CITY>Victoria</CITY>, BC <POSTCODE> V8W
                2Y2</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="LOCATION" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>3800 Finnerty Rd, <CITY>Victoria</CITY>, BC <POSTCODE>V8P
                5C2</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(250) 721-7211</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>recruitment@uvic.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.uvic.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1903"/> as Victoria College, present name and status
              1963</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
          <LANGUAGE>
            <SPOKEN LANG="English"/>
          </LANGUAGE>
          <ACAD-YEAR>
            <FROM-MONTH MONTH="SEPTEMBER"/>
            <TO-MONTH MONTH="APRIL"/>
          </ACAD-YEAR>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">also div. of medical sciences</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Marion</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Buller</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and Vice-Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Kevin</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Hall</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Acad. Affairs and Provost</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Valerie</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Kuehne </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for External Relations</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Chris</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Horbachewski</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Finance and Operations</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Gayle</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Gorrill</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Research</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Lisa</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Kalynchuk</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Registrar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Nicole</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Greengoe</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Univ. Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Jonathan</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Bengtson</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT>
              <TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="900"/>
            </TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT>
              <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="21700"/>
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
          <PUB-GRP>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Malahat Review</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>4 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
          </PUB-GRP>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Division of Continuing Studies</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Jo-Anne</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Clarke</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Education</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <VERBATIM-NAME>Ralf St Clair</VERBATIM-NAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Engineering</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Thomas</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Tiedje </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Fine Arts</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Susan</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Lewis</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING">Faculty of Graduate Studies</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Stephen</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Evans</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Human and Social Development</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Patricia</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Marck</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Humanities</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Christopher</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Goto-Jones</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Law</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Jeremy</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Webber</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Science</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Robert</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Lipson </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Social Sciences</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Lois</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Harder</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Peter B. Gustavson School of Business</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Saul</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Klein</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.5.1.51" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000342"
        PREVUPDATES="30.06.2004, 20/08/2001;11.08.2000, 14.4.2009, 11.07.2017, 03.04.2018, 26.06.2019, 29.07.2019, 10.06.2020, 21.08.2020, 17.02.2021, 16.07.2021"
        UPDATED="07.03.2022"
        PREVRETURNS="08.07.2005, 14.03.2007, 21.04.2010, 23.04.2010, 05.02.2013, 22.01.2014, 10.07.2014, 21.08.2018, 23.04.2014, 22.01.2021,06.01.2022"
        RETURNED="11.01.2023" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>University of Waterloo</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Emily, Communications Associate <EMAIL>murassoc@uwaterloo.ca
            </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0" COUNTRYGIVEN="N">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>200 University Ave W, <CITY>Waterloo</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> N2L
                3G1</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(519) 888-4567</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>myapplication@uwaterloo.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.uwaterloo.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1957"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
          <LANGUAGE>
            <SPOKEN LANG="English"/>
          </LANGUAGE>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">incl. Conrad Grebel Univ. College; Renison Univ.
            College; St Jerome&amp;rsquo;s Univ.; St Paul&amp;rsquo;s Univ. College</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>HE</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Dominic</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Barton </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and Vice-Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Vivek</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Goel</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Acad. and Provost</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>James W. E.</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Rush</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Admin. and Finance</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Dennis E.</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Huber</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Advancement</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Joanne</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Shoveller</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Research and Int.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Charmaine B.</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Dean</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Sec.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Karen</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Jack</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Registrar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <VERBATIM-NAME>Cathy Newell Kelly</VERBATIM-NAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Univ. Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Beth Sandore</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Namachchivaya</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT>see under Libraries and Archives</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT>
              <TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="1060"/>
            </TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT>
              <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="41000"/>
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Applied Health Sciences</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Lili</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Liu</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Arts</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Sheila</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Ager</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Engineering</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Mary</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Wells</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Environment</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Jean</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Andrey</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Mathematics</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Mark</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Giesbrecht</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Science</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Robert</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Lemieux</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.5.1.54" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000345"
        PREVUPDATES="30.06.2004, 20.08.2001, 14.4.2009, 04.03.2015, 10.12.2015, 16.12.2015, 23.08.2016, 03.04.2018, 07.04.2020, 06.07.2020, 13.07.2021, 11.08.2021"
        UPDATED="09.12.2021" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>University of Windsor</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>401 Sunset Ave, <CITY>Windsor</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>N9B 3P4
              </POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(519) 253-3000</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@uwindsor.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.uwindsor.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1857"/>, present name and status 1963</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
          <LANGUAGE>
            <SPOKEN LANG="English"/>
          </LANGUAGE>
          <ACAD-YEAR><FROM-MONTH MONTH="SEPTEMBER"/><TO-MONTH MONTH="MAY"/>(semester system) </ACAD-YEAR>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">incl. Assumption Univ., Canterbury College, Iona
            College</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Mary Jo</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Haddad </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and Vice-Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Robert</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Gordon </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="ACTING">Provost and Vice-Pres. for Acad.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Patricia</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Weir </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Planning and Admin.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Sandra</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Aversa</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Research and Innovation</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Michael</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Siu </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Registrar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Lorraine</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Chandler</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Univ. Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Selinda</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Berg </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT>
              <TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="520"/>
            </TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT>
              <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="15570"/>
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Arts, Humanities and Social Sciences </SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr </ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Marcello</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Guarini </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Education</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Ken</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Montgomery </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Engineering</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Mehrdad</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Saif </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Graduate Studies</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Patricia</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Weir </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Human Kinetics</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Linda</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Rohr</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Law</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Assoc. Prof.</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Reem A.</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME> Bahdi</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Nursing</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Linda J.</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Patrick</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Science</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Chris</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Houser</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Odette School of Business</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Mitchell</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Fields </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.5.1.55" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000346"
        PREVUPDATES="08.10.2003, 14.04.2009, 03.09.2014, 19.01.2016, 14.03.2017, 26.03.2018, 09.07.2020, 09.12.2021, 07.03.2022, 02.06.2022"
        UPDATED="25.01.2023" RETURNED="05.05.2011" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>University of Winnipeg</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Ashley Budge, Exec. Asst
            <EMAIL>as.budge@uwinnipeg.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>515 Portage Ave, <CITY>Winnipeg</CITY>, MB <POSTCODE>R3B
                2E9</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(204) 786-7811</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>admissions@uwinnipeg.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.uwinnipeg.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1938"/> as United College, present name and status
              1967</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
          <LANGUAGE>
            <SPOKEN LANG="English"/>
          </LANGUAGE>
          <ACAD-YEAR>
            <FROM-MONTH MONTH="SEPTEMBER"/>
            <TO-MONTH MONTH="APRIL"/>
          </ACAD-YEAR>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Barb</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Gamey</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Chancellor and Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Todd</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Mondor </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Provost and Vice-Pres. for Acad. Affairs</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Jan</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Stewart</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Interim Vice-Pres. for Finance and Admin.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Julia</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Peemoeller</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Research and Int.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Jino</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Distasio</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Univ. Sec.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Terri Einarson</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Breber</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dean for Libraries</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Gabrielle</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Prefontaine</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="750000"/> vols incl. periodicals, microfiche, videos </LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT>
              <TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="350"/>
            </TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT>
              <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="9450"/>
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Arts</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Glenn</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Moulaison</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Business and Economics</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Hugh</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Grant</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Education</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Laurie-Ann</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Hellsten</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Graduate Studies</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Mavis</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Reimer </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Science</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Doug</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Goltz</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING">Gupta Faculty of Kinesiology and Applied Health </SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Doug</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Goltz</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Menno Simons College</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Jonathan</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Sears</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">The Collegiate</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Kevin</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Clace</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.201703141514.0001" INDEX="Y"
        PREVUPDATES="14.03.2017, 11.12.2017, 23.03.2018, 30.07.2019, 10.09.2020, 14.09.2021"
        UPDATED="07.03.2022" RETURNED="07.05.2020" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Vancouver Island University</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>900 Fifth St, <CITY>Nanaimo</CITY>, BC <POSTCODE>V9R 5S5
              </POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(250) 753-3245</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@viu.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.viu.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1936"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">campuses in Duncan, Parksville, Powell
            River</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Judith</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Sayers </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and Vice-Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Deborah</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Saucier </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Provost and Vice-Pres. for Acad.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>David</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Witty </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Admin. and Chief Financial Officer</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Shelley</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Legin</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Registrar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Fred</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Jacklin</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Univ. Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Ben</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Hyman</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT>
              <TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="1550"/>
            </TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT>
              <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="14390"/>
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Arts and Humanities</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Ross</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>MacKay </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Education</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>David</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Paterson </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Health and Human Services</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Patricia</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>O'Hagan </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Management</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Suzanne</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Flannigan </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Science and Technology</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Eve</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Stringham </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Social Sciences</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Elizabeth</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Brimacombe </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Trades and Applied Technology</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Glynis</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Steen</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.5.1.52" TOWN="London, ON" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000343"
        PREVUPDATES="20.02.2009; 29.09.2004, 12.07.2010, 04.09.2014, 11.12.2015, 05.01.2016, 24.05.2017, 04.04.2018, 20.09.2018, 16.03.2020, 01.05.2020, 10.06.2020, 14.08.2020, 26.02.2021, 10.06.2021, 10.08.2021, 03.09.2021, 03.06.2022"
        UPDATED="07.02.2023"
        PREVRETURNS="20.05.2005; 29.09.2004,09.08.2006, 19.03.2012, 18.01.2013, 15.01.2015"
        RETURNED="29.01.2020" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Western University</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>1151 Richmond St, <CITY>London</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>N6A
              3K7</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(519) 661-2111</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>contact@uwo.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.uwo.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1878"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
          <LANGUAGE>
            <SPOKEN LANG="English"/>
          </LANGUAGE>
          <ACAD-YEAR>
            <FROM-MONTH MONTH="SEPTEMBER"/>
            <TO-MONTH MONTH="APRIL"/>
          </ACAD-YEAR>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Linda</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Hasenfratz</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and Vice-Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Alan</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Shepherd </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Provost and Vice-Pres. for Acad.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Florentine</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Strzelczyk</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Operations and Finance</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Lynn</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Logan</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="ACTING">Vice-Pres. for Research</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Bryan</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Neff</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Univ. Advancement</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Jeff</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>O&amp;rsquo;Hagan</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Registrar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Glen</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Tigert</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Sec.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Amy</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Bryson</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Provost and Chief Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Catherine</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Steeves</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT>see under Libraries and Archives</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT>
              <TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="1330"/>
            </TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT>
              <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="31170"/>
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Don Wright Faculty of Music</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Michael</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Kim</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Arts and Humanities</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Michael</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Milde</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Education</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Donna</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Kotsopoulos</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Engineering</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Ken</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Coley</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Health Sciences</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>S. Jayne</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Garland</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF SORTKEY="">
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Information and Media Studies</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Lisa </FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Henderson</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Law</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Erika A.</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Chamberlain</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Science</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Matt</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Davison</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Social Science</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Nicholas</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Harney</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Richard Ivey School of Business</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Sharon</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Hodgson</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">School of Graduate and Postdoctoral Studies </SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Linda</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Miller</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
                <POSITION> Vice-Provost</POSITION>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Schulich School of Medicine and Dentistry </SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>John</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Yoo</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.5.1.53" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000344"
        PREVUPDATES="13.06.2002, 20/08/01; 23/08/00, 14.4.2009, 02.12.2015, 16.12.2015, 04.04.2018,31.07.2019, 16.03.2020, 19.11.2020, 19.03.2021, 10.08.2021, 20.09.2021, 30.09.2021, 07.03.2022"
        UPDATED="10.08.2022" PREVRETURNS="16.06.2004, 14.07.2005" RETURNED="11.04.2017" DP="NO"
        SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Wilfrid Laurier University</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Joanne Bell, Sr Admin. Asst <EMAIL>jbell@wlu.ca </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>75 University Ave W, <CITY>Waterloo</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> N2L
                3C5</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(519) 884-1970</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>chooselaurier@wlu.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.wlu.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1911"/>, fmrly Waterloo Lutheran Univ., current name
              adopted 1973</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
          <LANGUAGE>
            <SPOKEN LANG="English"/>
          </LANGUAGE>
          <ACAD-YEAR><FROM-MONTH MONTH="SEPTEMBER"/><TO-MONTH MONTH="APRIL"/> (semester
            system)</ACAD-YEAR>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">campuses in Brantford, Kitchener, Toronto,
            Chongqing (China)</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Eileen</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Mercier</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and Vice-Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Deborah</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>MacLatchy </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Provost and Vice-Pres. for Acad. </JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Anthony</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Vannelli </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Advancement and External Relations</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Jason</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Coolman</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Finance and Admin.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Lloyd</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Noronha</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Research</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Jonathan</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Newman </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Student Affairs</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Ivan</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Joseph</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Registrar and Asst Vice-Pres. for Enrolment Services </JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Jennifer</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Casey </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Univ. Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Gohar</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Ashoughian</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT>1m. vols, 37,000 ejournals</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT><TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="940"/> (540 full-time, 400 part-time) </TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT>
              <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="19000"/>
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Arts</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Sofie</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Lachapelle</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Education</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Maria</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Cantalini-Williams</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Graduate and Postdoctoral Studies </SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Douglas</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Deutschman</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Human and Social Sciences</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Bruce</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>McKay</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Liberal Arts</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Janny</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Leung</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Music</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Glen</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Carruthers </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="ACTING">Faculty of Science</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Anthony</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Clarke </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Social Work</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Prof.</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Kathy</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Hogarth </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Lazaridis School of Business and Economics </SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Miche&amp;aacute;l J.</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME> Kelly</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Martin Luther University College</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Mark</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Harris </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.5.1.56" TOWN="Toronto" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000347"
        PREVUPDATES="08.10.2003, 09.02.2009, 10.07.2014, 03.09.2014, 08.07.2015, 26.08.2016, 04.04.2018, 30.07.2019, 31.07.2019, 19.03.2020, 03.06.2020, 23.11.2020, 27.11.2020, 15.04.2021, 17.11.2021"
        UPDATED="07.03.2022" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>York University</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>4700 Keele St, <CITY>Toronto</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>M3J 1P3
              </POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(416) 736-2100</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>askit@yorku.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.yorku.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1959"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: public</CONTROL>
          <ACAD-YEAR>
            <FROM-MONTH MONTH="SEPTEMBER"/>
            <TO-MONTH MONTH="APRIL"/>
          </ACAD-YEAR>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">incl. Bethune College, Calumet College, Founders
            College, Glendon College, McLaughlin College, New College, Stong College, Vanier
            College, Winters College</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Gregory</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Sorbara</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and Vice-Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Rhonda L.</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Lenton</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Acad. and Provost</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Lisa</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Philipps</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Advancement</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Susana</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Gajic-Bruyea</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Finance and Admin.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Carol</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>McAlulay</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Research and Innovation</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Amir</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Asif</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Registrar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Darren</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Fernandez</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dean for Libraries</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Joy</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Kirchner</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT>
              <TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="7000"/>
            </TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT>
              <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="55000"/>
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Arts, Media, Performance and Design </SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <VERBATIM-NAME>Norma Sue Fisher-Stitt</VERBATIM-NAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Education</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Robert</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Savage</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Environmental Studies</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Alice</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Hovorka</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Graduate Studies</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Fahim</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Quadir</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Health</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Paul W.</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>McDonald</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Liberal Arts and Professional Studies </SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Ananya</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Mukherjee-Reed</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Science</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Prof.</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Rui</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Wang </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Lassonde School of Engineering</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Jane</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Goodyer</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Osgoode Hall Law School</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Mary G.</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Condon</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Schulich School of Business</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Detlev</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Zwick </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.201804200930.0001" TOWN="Fredericton" INDEX="Y"
        PREVUPDATES="20.04.2018, 11.01.2021, 04.05.2021" UPDATED="09.09.2021" PREVRETURNS=""
        RETURNED="" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Yorkville University</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>Yorkville Landing, 100 Woodside Lane, Suite 102, <CITY>
                Fredericton</CITY>, NB <POSTCODE>E3C 2R9</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(506) 454-1220</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>admissions@yorkvilleu.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.yorkvilleu.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="2003"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <CONTROL>institutional control: private</CONTROL>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">campuses in Vancouver (BC), Toronto
            (ON)</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Julia Christensen</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Hughes</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chief Financial Officer</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Ashley</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Dafel</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Sr Vice-Pres. for Marketing and Student Enrolment</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Walter</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Lee</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Campus Provost and Vice-Pres. for W Canada</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Darren</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Hancott</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Campus Provost and Vice-Pres. for Acad., New Brunswick </JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Peter</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME> Hall</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Campus Provost and Vice-Pres. for Acad., Ontario</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Muhammed</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Kabir</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Univ. Registrar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Karim</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Sukhiani</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Univ. Librarian</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Paul J.</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Graham</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
        <ADDONLIST>
          <ROLELIST>
            <ROLELIST-TITLE TITLE="DEANS"/>
            <STAFFLIST>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Behavioural Sciences</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
                  <FORENAME>Sarah</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Stewart-Spencer </SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
              <STAFF>
                <SUBJECT STATUS="FILLED">Faculty of Education</SUBJECT>
                <NAME>
                  <FORENAME>Ellyn</FORENAME>
                  <SURNAME>Lyle</SURNAME>
                </NAME>
              </STAFF>
            </STAFFLIST>
          </ROLELIST>
        </ADDONLIST>
      </PRIMARY>
      <PRIMARY ID="CA.202011201230.0001" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="20.11.2020, 27.08.2021"
        UPDATED="29.09.2022" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="pref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Yukon University</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Tanis Davey, Marketing and Communications Co-ordinator, <EMAIL>
              tdavey@yukonu.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>500 University Dr., POB 2799, <CITY>Whitehorse</CITY>
              <POSTCODE> Y1A 5K4</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(867) 668-8800</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>futurestudent@yukonu.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.yukonu.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1988"/> as Yukon College, present name and status
              2020</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">schools of academic and skill development;
            business and leadership; community education and development; continuing education and
            training; health, education and human services; liberal arts; management, tourism and
            hospitality; science; trades, technology and mining; centre for northern innovation in
            mining; divs of applied arts, applied science and management; Yukon Research
            Centre</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>James</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Allen</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and Vice-Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Lesley</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Brown </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Acad. and Student Services</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Janet</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Welch</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Finance and Admin. Services</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Clint</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Sawicki</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="ACTING">Registrar and Dean for Enrolment</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Terri</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Wright</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT>
              <STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="6030"/>
            </STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
          <PUB-GRP>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Northern Review</JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
          </PUB-GRP>
        </BLOCK>
      </PRIMARY>
    </SUB-UC>
    <SUB-UC ID="CA.5.3">
      <TITLE>Colleges</TITLE>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804131116.0001" TOWN="Vancouver" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="13.04.2018"
        UPDATED="09.12.2021" RETURNED="" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Acsenda School of Management</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>9th Fl., 1090 West Pender St, <CITY>Vancouver</CITY>, BC <POSTCODE>
                V6E 2N7</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(604) 430-5111</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@acsenda.com</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.acsenda.com</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="2004"/> as Sprott-Shaw Community College, current name
              adopted 2013</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT>180,000 ebooks, 21,500 ejournals</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Neil</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Mort</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Acad. and Dean</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Teresita</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Ireneo-Manalo</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804121131.0001" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="" UPDATED="12.04.2018" RETURNED=""
        DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Alberta Bible College</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>635 Northmount Dr. NW, <CITY>Calgary</CITY>, AB <POSTCODE> T2K
                3J6</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(403) 282-2994</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>admissions@abccampus.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.abccampus.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1932"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="30000"/> vols</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Stanley N.</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Helton</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804121219.0001" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="" UPDATED="12.04.2018" RETURNED=""
        DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Alberta College of Acupuncture and Traditional Chinese Medicine</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>Main Fl. 102, 1910&amp;ndash;20 Ave NW, <CITY>Calgary</CITY>, AB
                <POSTCODE>T2M 1H5</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(403) 286-8788 </NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@acatcm.com</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.acatcm.com</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1997"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Co-Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Colton J.</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Oswald</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.201908061624.0001" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="06.08.2019, 18.05.2020"
        UPDATED="15.06.2021" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Algonquin College</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Claude Brul&amp;eacute;, Sr Vice-Pres. for Acad.,
              <EMAIL>brulec@algonquincollege.com </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>1385 Woodroffe Ave, <CITY>Ottawa</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>K2G
                1V8</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(613) 727-4723</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>library@algonquincollege.com</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.algonquincollege.com</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1967"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">faculties of arts, media and design; health,
            public safety and community studies; schools of advanced technology, business,
            hospitality and tourism; Algonquin College Heritage Institute; also campuses in Pembroke
            and Perth; int. campus in Kuwait</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Claude</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Brul&amp;eacute;</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Sr Vice-Pres. for Acad.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Christopher</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Janzen</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804181445.0001" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="" UPDATED="18.04.2018" RETURNED=""
        DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Briercrest College and Seminary</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>510 College Dr., <CITY>Caronport</CITY>, SK <POSTCODE>S0H
                0S0</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(306) 756-3200</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@briercrest.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.briercrest.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1935"/> as Briercrest Bible Institute</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="96000"/> vols, 14,000 ejournals and magazine titles, 192,000
              ebooks</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Michael B.</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME> Pawelke</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804121808.0001" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="12.04.2018" UPDATED="15.06.2021"
        RETURNED="" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>British Columbia Institute of Technology (BCIT)</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>3700 Willingdon Ave, <CITY>Burnaby</CITY>, BC <POSTCODE> V5G
                3H2</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(604) 434-1610</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>admissions@bcit.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.bcit.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1960"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">schools of business; computing and academic
            studies; construction and the environment; energy; health sciences; transportation;
            campuses in North Vancouver, Richmond, Vancouver</GEN-INFO>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT><TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="2400"/> teachers</TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT><STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="50000"/> students</STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Kathy</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Kinloch</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Acad.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Tom</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Roemer</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.202009041503.0001" INDEX="Y" UPDATED="04.09.2020" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Camosun College</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>3100 Foul Bay Rd, <CITY>Victoria</CITY>, BC <POSTCODE>V8P
                5J2</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(250) 370-3000</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>feedback@camosun.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.camosun.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1971"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">centres for indigenous education and community
            connections, sport and exercise education; schools of access, arts and science,
            business, health and human services, trades and technology</GEN-INFO>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT><STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="19000"/> students</STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Sherri</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Bell</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Education</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>John</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Boraas</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804171211.0001" TOWN="Regina" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="17.04.2018"
        UPDATED="24.01.2023" PREVRETURNS="19.04.2012, 12.03.2013, 30.05.2014" RETURNED="17.02.2017"
        DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Campion College</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Elaina Lawn,
            Librarian<EMAIL>campion.library@uregina.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>3737 Wascana Parkway, <CITY>Regina</CITY>, SK <POSTCODE> S4S
                0A2</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(306) 586-4242</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>campion.college@uregina.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.campioncollege.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1917"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ATTACHED-TO> Univ. of Regina</ATTACHED-TO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="65000"/> vols</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Sami</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Helewa </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Acad. Dean</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Allison</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Fizzard </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804131648.0001" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="" UPDATED="13.04.2018" RETURNED=""
        DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Canada Christian College</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>50 Gervais Dr., <CITY>Toronto</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> M3C
              1Z3</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(416) 391-5000</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@canadachristiancollege.com</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.canadachristiancollege.com</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1967"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="15000"/> vols</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Charles H.</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME> McVety</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804131701.0001" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="13.04.2018" UPDATED="10.08.2022"
        RETURNED="" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Canadian College of Naturopathic Medicine</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>1255 Sheppard Ave E, <CITY>Toronto</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> M2K
                1E2</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(416) 498-1255</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@ccnm.edu</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.ccnm.edu</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1978"/> as Ontario College of Naturopathic Medicine,
              current name adopted 1992</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Rahim</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Karim </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dean</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Nick</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>de Groot </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804161032.0001" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="" UPDATED="16.04.2018" RETURNED=""
        DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Canadian Memorial Chiropractic College</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>6100 Leslie St, <CITY>Toronto</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>M2H 3J1
              </POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(416) 482-2340</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>admissions@cmcc.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.cmcc.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1945"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">depts of anatomy, chiropractic principles and
            practice, chiropractic therapeutics, clinical diagnosis, clinical education, diagnostic
            imaging, pathology and microbiology, physiology and biochemistry, research</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>David</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Wickes </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804121416.0001" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="" UPDATED="12.04.2018" RETURNED=""
        DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Canadian Southern Baptist Seminary and College</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>200 Seminary View, <CITY>Cochrane</CITY>, AB <POSTCODE> T4C
                2G1</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(403) 932-6622</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@csbs.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.csbs.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1987"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="41000"/> vols, 175,000 ebooks, 1,000 periodicals</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Rob</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Blackaby </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Acad. Dean</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Steve</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Booth </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804181644.0001" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="" UPDATED="18.04.2018" RETURNED=""
        DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>College of Emmanuel and St Chad</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>114 Seminary Crescent, <CITY>Saskatoon</CITY>, SK <POSTCODE> S7N
                0X3</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(306) 975-3753</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>emmanuel.stchad@usask.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.usask.ca/stu/emmanuel</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1964"/>, by merger of Emmanuel College and St Chad's
              College, present status 1967</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ATTACHED-TO>Univ. of Saskatchewan</ATTACHED-TO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="100000"/> vols</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Prin.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Rev. Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Iain</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Luke </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Registar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Lisa</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>McInnis</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804121444.0001" TOWN="Edmonton" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES=""
        UPDATED="12.04.2018" RETURNED="" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Concordia Lutheran Seminary</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>7040 Ada Blvd, <CITY>Edmonton</CITY>, AB <POSTCODE>T5B 4E3
              </POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(780) 474-1468</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@concordiasem.ab.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.concordiasem.ab.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1984"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="20000"/> vols, 100 journals</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>James</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Gimbel </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Acad. Dean</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Stephen L.</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME> Chambers</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.202009041155.0001" INDEX="Y" UPDATED="04.09.2020" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Douglas College</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>700 Royal Ave, <CITY>New Westminster</CITY>, BC <POSTCODE> V3M
                5Z5</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(604) 527-5400</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>regoffice@douglascollege.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.douglascollege.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1970"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">faculties of applied community studies; commerce
            and business administration; health sciences; humanities and social sciences; language,
            literature and performing arts; science and technology; also br. in Coquitlam</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Kathy</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Denton </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Acad. and Provost</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Thor </FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Borgford </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804171429.0001" TOWN="Montr&amp;eacute;al" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES=""
        UPDATED="17.04.2018" RETURNED="" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>&amp;Eacute;cole de Technologie Sup&amp;eacute;rieure</TITLE>
          <TRANS INDEX="1" TOWN="Montr&amp;eacute;al">Higher School of Technology</TRANS>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>1100 Notre-Dame St W, <CITY>Montr&amp;eacute;al</CITY>, QC <POSTCODE>
                H3C 1K3</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(514) 396-8800</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>admission@etsmtl.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.etsmtl.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1974"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ATTACHED-TO> Univ. du Qu&amp;eacute;bec</ATTACHED-TO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="39000"/> vols, 25,000 ejournals, 74,000 ebooks</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT><TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="200"/> teachers</TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT><STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="10600"/> students</STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir-Gen.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Pierre</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Dumouchel</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir of Acad. Affairs</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Michel</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Huneault</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804171639.0001.1" TOWN="Qu&amp;eacute;bec" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES=""
        UPDATED="17.04.2018" RETURNED="" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>&amp;Eacute;cole Nationale d'Administration Publique</TITLE>
          <TRANS INDEX="1" TOWN="Qu&amp;eacute;bec City">National School of Public Administration
          </TRANS>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>555 Blvd Charest E, <CITY>Qu&amp;eacute;bec</CITY>, QC <POSTCODE> G1K
                9E5</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(418) 641-3000</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@enap.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.enap.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1969"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ATTACHED-TO> Univ. du Qu&amp;eacute;bec</ATTACHED-TO>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">campuses in Gatineau, Montr&amp;eacute;al,
            Saguenay, Trois-Rivi&amp;egrave;res </GEN-INFO>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT><STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="3000"/> students</STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Marie</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Girard</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir.-Gen.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Guy</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Laforest</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804161113.0001" TOWN="Kitchener" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES=""
        UPDATED="16.04.2018" RETURNED="" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Emmanuel Bible College</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>100 Fergus Ave, <CITY>Kitchener</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>N2A
                2H2</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(519) 894-8900</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@emmanuelbiblecollege.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.emmanuelbiblecollege.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1940"/> as Emmanuel Bible School, present name and status
              1948</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="21000"/> vols, 4,000 journals, 140,000 ebooks</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and Dean</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Stephen</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Roy </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804171242.0001" INDEX="Y"
        PREVUPDATES="10.07.2014, 17.04.2018, 07.12.2021" UPDATED="13.06.2022" RETURNED="02.08.2006"
        DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>First Nations University of Canada</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>1 First Nations Way, <CITY>Regina</CITY>, SK <POSTCODE> S4S
                7K2</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(306) 790-5950</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@fnuniv.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.fnuniv.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1976"/> as Saskatchewan Indian Federated College, current
              name adopted 2003</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ATTACHED-TO>Univ. of Regina </ATTACHED-TO>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">campuses in Prince Albert, Saskatoon</GEN-INFO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="55200"/> vols, incl. Eeniwuk Colln of 5,000 titles</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Jacqueline</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Ottmann</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Acad.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Bob</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Kayseas </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Univ. Relations</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Gord</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Hunchak</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.202011231203.0001" INDEX="Y" UPDATED="23.11.2020" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>George Brown College</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>POB 1015, Station B, <CITY>Toronto</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> M5T
                2T9</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER> (416) 415-2000</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>ask.george@georgebrown.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.georgebrown.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1968"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">centres for arts, design and information
            technology; business; community services and early childhood; construction and
            engineering technologies; health sciences; hospitality and culinary arts; preparatory
            and liberal studies; Casa Loma, St. James, Waterfront campuses</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Noella</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Milne</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Anne</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME> Sado</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804161126.0001" TOWN="Waterloo" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES=""
        UPDATED="16.04.2018" RETURNED="" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Great Lakes Bible College</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>470 Glenelm Crescent, <CITY>Waterloo</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> N2L
                5C8</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(289) 696-2538</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>administration@glbc.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.glbc.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1952"/>, fmrly Great Lakes Christian College
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Art</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Ford</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Acad. Dean</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Dave</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Knutson</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804171542.0001" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="" UPDATED="17.04.2018" RETURNED=""
        DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>HEC Montr&amp;eacute;al</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1" TOWN="Montr&amp;eacute;al">&amp;Eacute;cole des Hautes &amp;Eacute;tudes
            Commerciales</SUPP>
          <TRANS INDEX="1" TOWN="Montr&amp;eacute;al">Higher School of Business Studies</TRANS>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>3000 C&amp;ocirc;te-Sainte-Catherine Rd, <CITY>Montr&amp;eacute;al
              </CITY>, QC <POSTCODE>H3T 2A7</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(514) 340-6000</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@hec.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.hec.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1907"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ATTACHED-TO> Univ. de Montr&amp;eacute;al</ATTACHED-TO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="111400"/> vols, 1,050 print periodicals</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT><TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="280"/> teachers</TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT><STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="13400"/> students</STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Michel</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Patry</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir of Acad. Programmes</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Mich&amp;egrave;le</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Breton</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <PUB-GRP>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>International Journal of Arts Management</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>3 a year</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Management International</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>irregular</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Revue Internationale de Cas en Gestion</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>4 a year, in English and French</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
          </PUB-GRP>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804181235.0001" TOWN="Saskatoon" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES=""
        UPDATED="18.04.2018" RETURNED="" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Horizon College and Seminary</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>303 Jackson Ave, <CITY>Saskatoon</CITY>, SK <POSTCODE>S7H
                2M9</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(306) 374-6655</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@horizon.edu</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.horizon.edu</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1935"/> as Bethel Bible Institute, current name adopted
              2007</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Jeromey</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Martini</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Acad., Acad. Dean and Registrar</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Rob</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Lindemann</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.201908061429.0001" INDEX="Y" UPDATED="06.08.2019" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Huron University College</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>1349 Western Rd, <CITY>London</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>N6G 1H3
              </POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(519) 438-7224</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>huron@uwo.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.huronuc.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1863"/>, present name and status 2000</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ATTACHED-TO>Western Univ.</ATTACHED-TO>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">faculties of arts and social science,
            theology</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Prem</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Watsa</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Barry</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Craig </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Acad. Affairs</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Geoff</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Read</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Finance and Admin.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Deborah</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Lucas</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804181159.0001" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="" UPDATED="18.04.2018" RETURNED=""
        DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Institut de Formation Th&amp;eacute;ologique de Montr&amp;eacute;al</TITLE>
          <TRANS INDEX="1">Montr&amp;eacute;al Theological Training Institute</TRANS>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>2065 rue Sherbrooke Ouest, <CITY>Montr&amp;eacute;al</CITY>, QC
                <POSTCODE>H3H 1G6</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(514) 935-1169</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@iftm.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>gsdm.qc.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1988"/>, fmrly Grand S&amp;eacute;minaire de
              Montr&amp;eacute;al </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="157000"/> vols, 170 periodicals</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Rector</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Jorge</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Pacheco</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir for Studies</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Diego</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Arfuch</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804181131.0001" TOWN="Qu&amp;eacute;bec" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES=""
        UPDATED="18.04.2018" RETURNED="" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Institut National de la Recherche Scientifique</TITLE>
          <TRANS INDEX="1" TOWN="Qu&amp;eacute;bec">National Institute of Scientific Research
          </TRANS>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>490 rue de la Couronne, <CITY>Qu&amp;eacute;bec </CITY>, QC
                <POSTCODE>G1K 9A9</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(418) 654-4677</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>registrariat@inrs.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.inrs.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1969"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ATTACHED-TO> Univ. du Qu&amp;eacute;bec</ATTACHED-TO>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT><TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="150"/> teachers</TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT><STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="700"/> students</STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir-Gen.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Luc-Alain</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Giraldeau</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir for Research and Acad. Affairs</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Jean-Fran&amp;ccedil;ois</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Blais</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804161225.0001" TOWN="Toronto" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES=""
        UPDATED="16.04.2018" RETURNED="" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Institute for Christian Studies</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>100&amp;ndash;229 College St, <CITY>Toronto</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> M5T
                1R4</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(416) 979-2331</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@icscanada.edu</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.icscanada.edu</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1967"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="60000"/> vols</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Ronald A.</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Kuipers </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804121824.0001" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="" UPDATED="12.04.2018" RETURNED=""
        DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Justice Institute of British Columbia</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>715 McBride Blvd, <CITY>New Westminster</CITY>, BC <POSTCODE> V3L
                5T4</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(604) 525-5422</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>infodesk@jibc.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.jibc.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1978"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Michel</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Tarko </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Acad.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Colleen</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Vaughan</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804111405.0001" TOWN="Vermilion" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES=""
        UPDATED="11.04.2018" RETURNED="" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Lakeland College</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>5707 College Dr., <CITY>Vermilion</CITY>, AB <POSTCODE> T9X
                1K5</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(780) 853-8400</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>admissions@lakelandcollege.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.lakelandcollege.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1913"/> as Vermilion School of Agriculture, current name
              adopted 1975</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">campus in Lloydminster</GEN-INFO>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT><STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="8000"/> students</STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Alice</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Wainwright-Stewart</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Acad. and Research</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Michael</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Crowe</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.202009041247.0001" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="04.09.2020" UPDATED="07.03.2022"
        DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Langara College</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>100 W 49th Ave, <CITY>Vancouver</CITY>, BC <POSTCODE>V5Y
                2Z6</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(604) 323-5511</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>geninfo@langara.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>langara.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1994"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Lane</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Trotter </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="ACTING">Vice-Pres. for Acad.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Margaret</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Heldman</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804131139.0001" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="" UPDATED="13.04.2018" RETURNED=""
        DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>LaSalle College Vancouver</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>2665 Renfrew St, <CITY>Vancouver</CITY>, BC <POSTCODE>V5M
                0A7</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(604) 683-2006</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>vancouver@lasallecollegevancouver.com</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.lasallecollegevancouver.com</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1979"/>, current name adopted 2017</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Jason</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Dewling </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804111515.0001" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="" UPDATED="11.04.2018" RETURNED=""
        DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Lethbridge College</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>3000 College Dr. S, <CITY>Lethbridge</CITY>, AB <POSTCODE> T1K
                1L6</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(403) 320-3200</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>admissions@lethbridgecollege.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.lethbridgecollege.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1957"/> as Lethbridge Jr College, current name adopted
              2007</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Paula</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Burns </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Provost and Vice-Pres. for Acad.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Samantha</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Lenci</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804171301.0001" TOWN="Regina" INDEX="Y" UPDATED="17.04.2018" DP="NO"
        SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Luther College</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>3737 Wascana Parkway, <CITY>Regina</CITY>, SK <POSTCODE> S4S
                0A2</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(306) 585-5333</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>lutheru@luthercollege.edu</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.luthercollege.edu</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1926"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ATTACHED-TO> Univ. of Regina</ATTACHED-TO>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT><STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="1200"/> students</STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Bryan</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Hillis </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dean</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Franz Volker</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME> Greifenhagen</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804181700.0001" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="" UPDATED="18.04.2018" RETURNED=""
        DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Lutheran Theological Seminary Saskatoon</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>114 Seminary Crescent, <CITY>Saskatoon</CITY>, SK <POSTCODE> S7N
                0X3</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(306) 966-7850</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>development.office@usask.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.usask.ca/stu/luther</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1913"/>, present status 1968</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ATTACHED-TO>Univ. of Saskatchewan</ATTACHED-TO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>William H.</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Harrison</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804161438.0001" TOWN="Hamilton" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES=""
        UPDATED="16.04.2018" RETURNED="" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>McMaster Divinity College</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>1280 Main St W, <CITY>Hamilton</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>L8S
              4K1</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(905) 525-9140</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>divinity@mcmaster.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.mcmasterdivinity.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1838"/> as Canada Baptist College</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and Dean</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Stanley E.</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Porter</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804171410.0001" TOWN="Charlottetown" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES=""
        UPDATED="17.04.2018" RETURNED="" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Maritime Christian College</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>503 University Ave, <CITY>Charlottetown</CITY>, PE <POSTCODE> C1A
                7Z4</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(902) 628-8887</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>registrar@mccpei.com</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.mccpei.com</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1960"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Benjamin</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Foreman</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Acad. Dean</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Thomas</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Marshall</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804111534.0001" TOWN="" INDEX="Y"
        PREVUPDATES="11.04.2018, 24.07.2020, 13.10.2020" UPDATED="14.04.2021" RETURNED="" DP="NO"
        SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Medicine Hat College</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>299 College Dr. SE, <CITY>Medicine Hat</CITY>, AB <POSTCODE> T1A
                3Y6</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(403) 529-3811</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@mhc.ab.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.mhc.ab.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1965"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">schools of arts, science and education; business
            and continuing studies; health and community services; trades and technologies; campus
            in Brooks</GEN-INFO>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT><STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="3350"/> students</STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="ACTING">Pres. and CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Kevin</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Shufflebotham</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Acad. and Provost</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Vicky</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Roy</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804131542.0001" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="" UPDATED="13.04.2018" RETURNED=""
        DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>New Brunswick College of Craft and Design</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>457 Queen St, POB 6000, <CITY>Fredericton</CITY>, NB <POSTCODE> E3B
                5H1</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(506) 453-2305</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>nbccdrecruiting@gnb.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.nbccd.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1938"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">College Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Marc</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Braithwaite</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804131213.0001" TOWN="Vancouver" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES=""
        UPDATED="13.04.2018" RETURNED="" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>New York Institute of Technology</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>17th Fl., 701 West Georgia St, <CITY>Vancouver</CITY>, BC <POSTCODE>
                V7Y 1K8</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(604) 639-0942</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>vancouverinfo@nyit.edu</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.nyit.edu/vancouver</WWW>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">campuses in China; New York, Arkansas (USA); Abu
            Dhabi (UAE)</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Campus Dean and Exec. Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Irene</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Young</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804121522.0001" TOWN="Edmonton" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES=""
        UPDATED="12.04.2018" RETURNED="" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Newman Theological College</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>10012&amp;ndash;84 St, <CITY>Edmonton</CITY>, AB <POSTCODE> T6A
                0B2</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(780) 392-2450</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>reception@newman.edu</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.newman.edu</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1969"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Jason</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>West</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. and Acad. Dean</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Ryan</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Topping </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804131041.0001" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="" UPDATED="13.04.2018" RETURNED=""
        DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Nicola Valley Institute of Technology</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>200&amp;ndash;4355 Mathissi Pl., <CITY>Burnaby</CITY>, BC <POSTCODE>
                V5G 4S8</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(604) 602-9555</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@nvit.bc.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.nvit.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1995"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">campus in Merritt</GEN-INFO>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT><STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="1210"/> students</STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Ken</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Tourand</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.202008051603.0001" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="05.08.2020" UPDATED="18.11.2020"
        DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Northern Alberta Institute of Technology</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>11762-106 Str, <CITY>Edmonton</CITY>, AB <POSTCODE>T5G 2R1
              </POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(780) 471-6248</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>asknait@nait.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.nait.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1962"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">schools of applied sciences and technology, health
            and life sciences, skilled trades; J. R. Shaw School of Business; also incl. Patricia
            Campus, Souch Campus, Spruce Grove Crane and Hoist Campus</GEN-INFO>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT><TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="2700"/> teachers</TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT><STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="20600"/> students</STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Laura Jo</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Gunter</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Acad. and Provost</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Sue</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Fitzsimmons</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804181714.0001" TOWN="La Ronge" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES=""
        UPDATED="18.04.2018" RETURNED="" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Northern Professional Access College</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>1328 La Ronge Ave, POB 5000, <CITY>La Ronge</CITY>, SK <POSTCODE> S0J
                1L0</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(306) 425-4411</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>student.services@nortep.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.nortep-norpac.sk.ca/programs/pac</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1989"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ATTACHED-TO> Univ. of Saskatchewan</ATTACHED-TO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Herman</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Michell </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.202009041629.0001" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="04.09.2020, 30.04.2021"
        UPDATED="07.03.2022" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Okanagan College</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>1000 KLO Rd, <CITY>Kelowna</CITY>, BC <POSTCODE>V1Y 4X8
              </POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(250) 762-5445</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>chooseoc@okanagan.bc.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.okanagan.bc.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1963"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">also campuses in Penticton, Salmon Arm,
            Vernon</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Neil</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Fassina </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Acad. and Provost</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Andrew</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Hay</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.202009041708.0001" INDEX="Y" UPDATED="04.09.2020" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Peace River Bible Institute</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>9601 100th St, POB 99, <CITY>Sexsmith</CITY>, AB <POSTCODE> T0H
                3C0</POSTCODE>
            </VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(780) 568-3962</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>prbi@prbi.edu</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.prbi.edu</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1933"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Kim</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Cairns</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Acad. Dean</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Brad</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Cowie</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804171716.0001" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="17.04.2018" UPDATED="12.08.2022"
        RETURNED="" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Polytechnique Montr&amp;eacute;al</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>POB 6079, Station Centre-Ville, <CITY>Montr&amp;eacute;al</CITY>, QC
                <POSTCODE>H3C 3A7</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="LOCATION" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>2900 blvd &amp;Eacute;douard-Montpetit, <CITY>Montr&amp;eacute;al
              </CITY>, QC <POSTCODE>H3T 1J4</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(514) 340-4711</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>admission@polymtl.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.polymtl.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1873"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ATTACHED-TO> Univ. de Montr&amp;eacute;al</ATTACHED-TO>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT><TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="250"/> teachers</TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT><STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="8200"/> students</STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Maud</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Cohen</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="ACTING">Vice-Pres. for Acad. Affairs and Student Experience</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Prof. Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Pierre</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME> Baptiste</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804121608.0001" TOWN="Three Hills" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES=""
        UPDATED="12.04.2018" RETURNED="" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Prairie College</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">Prairie Bible Institute</SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>350 Fifth Ave NE, POB 4000, <CITY>Three Hills</CITY>, AB <POSTCODE>
                T0M 2N0</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(403) 443-5511</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@prairie.edu</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.prairie.edu</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1922"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">incl. Prairie Bible College, Prairie College of
            Applied Arts and Technology, Prairie School of Mission Aviation</GEN-INFO>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT><STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="270"/> students</STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Mark L.</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Maxwell</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804121621.0001" TOWN="Calgary" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES=""
        UPDATED="12.04.2018" RETURNED="" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Rocky Mountain College</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>4039 Brentwood Rd NW, <CITY>Calgary</CITY>, AB <POSTCODE> T2L
                1L1</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(403) 284-5100</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>enrolment@rockymountaincollege.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.rockymountaincollege.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1992"/>, by merger of Hillcrest Christian College and
              Mountain View Bible College</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Kerry</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Belt</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804181553.0001" TOWN="Saskatoon" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES=""
        UPDATED="18.04.2018" RETURNED="" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>St Andrew's College</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>1121 College Dr., <CITY>Saskatoon</CITY>, SK <POSTCODE> S7N
                0W3</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(306) 966-8970</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>standrews.college@usask.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.usask.ca/stu/standrews</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1912"/> as Presbyterian Theological College, current name
              adopted 1925</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ATTACHED-TO>Univ. of Saskatchewan </ATTACHED-TO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="37000"/> vols, 90 periodicals</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Prin.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Lorne</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Calvert</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804121507.0001" TOWN="Edmonton" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="12.04.2018"
        UPDATED="09.12.2021" RETURNED="" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>St Stephen&amp;rsquo;s College</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>8810, 112 St, <CITY>Edmonton</CITY>, AB <POSTCODE>T6G 2J6
              </POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(780) 439-7311</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>st.stephens@ualberta.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.ststephenscollege.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1926"/> as United Theological College, by merger of
              Alberta College South and Robertson College, current name adopted 1927 </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Prin. and Dean</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>John</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Varghese </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804181509.0001" TOWN="Saskatoon" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="18.04.2018"
        UPDATED="30.08.2019" RETURNED="" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>St Thomas More College</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>1437 College Dr., <CITY>Saskatoon</CITY>, SK <POSTCODE> S7N
                0W6</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(306) 966-8900</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>admissions@usask.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.stmcollege.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1936"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ATTACHED-TO> Univ. of Saskatchewan</ATTACHED-TO>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="52000"/> vols, 150 journals and magazines</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Carl N.</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Still </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dean</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Arul</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Kumaran </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804121107.0001" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="" UPDATED="12.04.2018" RETURNED=""
        DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Southern Alberta Institute of Technology</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>1301, 16th Ave NW, <CITY>Calgary</CITY>, AB <POSTCODE>T2M
                0L4</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(403) 284-7248</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>international@sait.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.sait.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="1916"/> as Provincial Institute of Technology and Art,
              current name adopted 1960</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">schools of business; construction; health and
            public safety; hospitality and tourism; information and communication technologies;
            manufacturing and automation; transportation; MacPhail School of Energy</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>David</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Ross</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Acad.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Brad</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Donaldson</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804121719.0001" TOWN="Edmonton" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES=""
        UPDATED="12.04.2018" RETURNED="" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Taylor College and Seminary</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>E. P. Wahl Centre, 11525&amp;ndash;23 Ave NW, <CITY>Edmonton </CITY>,
              AB <POSTCODE>T6J 4T3</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(780) 431-5200</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@taylor-edu.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.taylor-edu.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1940"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="50000"/> vols, 60 print periodicals</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>David</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Williams</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804171223.0001" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="" UPDATED="17.04.2018" RETURNED=""
        DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Tyndale University College and Seminary</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>3377 Bayview Ave, <CITY>Toronto</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>M2M
                3S4</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(416) 226-6620</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>admissions@tyndale.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.tyndale.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1894"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
            <LIB-PTEXT><VOL TOTAL="160000"/> vols, 250 print periodicals</LIB-PTEXT>
          </LIB-VOL>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT><STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="1600"/> students</STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>David</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Cross</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Gary V.</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Nelson </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804131255.0001" TOWN="The Pas" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES=""
        UPDATED="13.04.2018" RETURNED="" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>University College of the North</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>POB 3000, <CITY>The Pas</CITY>, MB <POSTCODE>R9A
              1M7</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="LOCATION" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>436&amp;ndash;7th St E, <CITY>The Pas</CITY>, MB <POSTCODE> R9A
                1M7</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(204) 627-8500</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>admissions@ucn.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.ucn.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT><FOUND-DATE YEAR="2004"/>, fmrly Keewatin Community College</FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">campus in Thompson</GEN-INFO>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Edwin</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Jebb</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and Vice-Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Doug</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Lauvstad</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804121737.0001" TOWN="Edmonton" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES=""
        UPDATED="12.04.2018" RETURNED="" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Vanguard College</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>12140, 103rd St, <CITY>Edmonton</CITY>, AB <POSTCODE>T5G
                2J9</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(780) 452-0808</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@vanguardcollege.com</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.vanguardcollege.com</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1946"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT><TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="20"/> teachers</TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT><STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="230"/> students</STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Rev.</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Eric</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Derksen </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
    </SUB-UC>
    <SUB-UC ID="CA.5.2">
      <TITLE>Schools of Art and Music</TITLE>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.5.2.2" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000349" PREVUPDATES="13.06.2002, 02.07.2004"
        UPDATED="08.05.2018" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Banff Centre for Arts and Creativity</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Peter Harris, Dir of Communications <EMAIL>
              peter_harris@banffcentre.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>107 Tunnel Mountain Dr., POB 1020, <CITY>Banff</CITY>, AB <POSTCODE>
                T1L 1H5</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(403) 762-6100</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>registrars_office@banffcentre.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.banffcentre.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1933"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Janice</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Price</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Arts and Leadership</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Howard R.</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Jang</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Vice-Pres. for Admin. and Chief Financial Officer</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Bruce</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Byford</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.5.2.4" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000351" PREVUPDATES="23/08/00, 18.04.2018"
        UPDATED="15.06.2021" PREVRETURNS="08.06.2004" RETURNED="30.06.2004" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc"
        SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Conservatoire de Musique et d'Art Dramatique du Qu&amp;eacute;bec</TITLE>
          <TRANS INDEX="1">Conservatory of Music and Dramatic Arts of Quebec</TRANS>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>3rd Fl., Block C, 225 Grande All&amp;eacute;e E,
                <CITY>Qu&amp;eacute;bec </CITY>, QC <POSTCODE>G1R 5G5</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(418) 380-2327</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@conservatoire.gouv.qc.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.conservatoire.gouv.qc.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1943"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Exec. Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Chantal</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Garon</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir for Studies</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Jean-Fran&amp;ccedil;ois</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Latour</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
        <ATTACHED-GRP ID="CA.201804181449.0001">
          <ATTACHED-GRP-TITLE>Attached Conservatories</ATTACHED-GRP-TITLE>
          <ATTACH-LIST ID="CA.201804181449.0002">
            <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804201629.0001" INDEX="Y" UPDATED="20.04.2018" DP="NO"
              SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
              <TIBLOCK>
                <TITLE>Conservatoire d&amp;rsquo;Art Dramatique de Montr&amp;eacute;al</TITLE>
                <TRANS INDEX="1">Conservatory of Dramatic Arts of Montreal</TRANS>
              </TIBLOCK>
              <BLOCK>
                <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
                  <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>1st Fl., 4750 Ave Henri-Julien,
                    <CITY>Montr&amp;eacute;al</CITY>, QC <POSTCODE>H2T
                    2C8</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
                </ADDRESS>
                <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
                  <NUMBER>(514) 873-4283</NUMBER>
                </TEL>
                <EMAIL>cadm@conservatoire.gouv.qc.ca</EMAIL>
                <WWW>www.conservatoire.gouv.qc.ca/reseau/conservatoire-d-art-dramatique/montreal </WWW>
                <FOUNDED>
                  <FOUND-PTEXT>
                    <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1954"/>
                  </FOUND-PTEXT>
                </FOUNDED>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Beno&amp;icirc;t</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Dagenais</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Registrar</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Annick</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Veilleux</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
              </BLOCK>
            </SECONDARY>
            <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804201649.0001" INDEX="Y" UPDATED="20.04.2018" DP="NO"
              SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
              <TIBLOCK>
                <TITLE>Conservatoire d&amp;rsquo;Art Dramatique de Qu&amp;eacute;bec</TITLE>
                <TRANS INDEX="1">Conservatory of Dramatic Arts of Qu&amp;eacute;bec</TRANS>
              </TIBLOCK>
              <BLOCK>
                <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
                  <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>31 rue Mont-Carmel, <CITY>Qu&amp;eacute;bec</CITY>, QC
                      <POSTCODE> G1R 4A6</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
                </ADDRESS>
                <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
                  <NUMBER>(418) 643-2139</NUMBER>
                </TEL>
                <EMAIL>cadq@conservatoire.gouv.qc.ca</EMAIL>
                <WWW>www.conservatoire.gouv.qc.ca/reseau/conservatoire-d-art-dramatique/quebec </WWW>
                <FOUNDED>
                  <FOUND-PTEXT>
                    <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1958"/>
                  </FOUND-PTEXT>
                </FOUNDED>
                <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">incl. theatre, library, studios</GEN-INFO>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Jacques</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Leblanc</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
              </BLOCK>
            </SECONDARY>
            <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804181459.0001" INDEX="Y" UPDATED="18.04.2018" DP="NO"
              SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
              <TIBLOCK>
                <TITLE>Conservatoire de Musique de Gatineau</TITLE>
                <TRANS INDEX="1">Conservatory of Music of Gatineau</TRANS>
              </TIBLOCK>
              <BLOCK>
                <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
                  <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>430 Blvd Alexandre-Tach&amp;eacute;, <CITY>Gatineau</CITY>, QC
                      <POSTCODE>J9A 1M7</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
                </ADDRESS>
                <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
                  <NUMBER>(819) 772-3283</NUMBER>
                </TEL>
                <EMAIL>cmg@conservatoire.gouv.qc.ca</EMAIL>
                <FOUNDED>
                  <FOUND-PTEXT>
                    <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1967"/>
                  </FOUND-PTEXT>
                </FOUNDED>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Marc</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Langis</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Sec. and Registrar</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Chantal</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Legault</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
              </BLOCK>
            </SECONDARY>
            <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804181516.0001" INDEX="Y" UPDATED="18.04.2018" DP="NO"
              SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
              <TIBLOCK>
                <TITLE>Conservatoire de Musique de Montr&amp;eacute;al</TITLE>
                <TRANS INDEX="1">Conservatory of Music of Montr&amp;eacute;al</TRANS>
              </TIBLOCK>
              <BLOCK>
                <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
                  <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>4750 Ave Henri-Julien, <CITY>Montr&amp;eacute;al</CITY>, QC
                      <POSTCODE> H2T 2C8</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
                </ADDRESS>
                <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
                  <NUMBER>(514) 873-4031</NUMBER>
                </TEL>
                <EMAIL>cmm@conservatoire.gouv.qc.ca</EMAIL>
                <FOUNDED>
                  <FOUND-PTEXT>
                    <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1943"/>
                  </FOUND-PTEXT>
                </FOUNDED>
                <LIB-VOL LIBRARY="0">
                  <LIB-PTEXT>18,310 monographs, 170 current periodicals titles, 13,940 sound and
                    audiovisual recordings</LIB-PTEXT>
                </LIB-VOL>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Manon</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Lafrance</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
              </BLOCK>
            </SECONDARY>
            <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804181530.0001" INDEX="Y" UPDATED="18.04.2018" DP="NO"
              SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
              <TIBLOCK>
                <TITLE>Conservatoire de Musique de Qu&amp;eacute;bec</TITLE>
                <TRANS INDEX="1">Conservatory of Music of Qu&amp;eacute;bec</TRANS>
              </TIBLOCK>
              <BLOCK>
                <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
                  <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>270 rue Jacques-Parizeau, <CITY>Qu&amp;eacute;bec</CITY>, QC
                      <POSTCODE> G1R 5G1</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
                </ADDRESS>
                <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
                  <NUMBER>(418) 643-2190</NUMBER>
                </TEL>
                <EMAIL>cmq@conservatoire.gouv.qc.ca</EMAIL>
                <FOUNDED>
                  <FOUND-PTEXT>
                    <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1944"/>
                  </FOUND-PTEXT>
                </FOUNDED>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Louis</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Dallaire</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
              </BLOCK>
            </SECONDARY>
            <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804181553.0001.2" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="18.04.2018"
              UPDATED="15.06.2021" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
              <TIBLOCK>
                <TITLE>Conservatoire de Musique de Rimouski</TITLE>
                <TRANS INDEX="1">Conservatory of Music of Rimouski</TRANS>
              </TIBLOCK>
              <BLOCK>
                <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
                  <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>22 rue Ste-Marie, <CITY>Rimouski</CITY>, QC <POSTCODE>G5L
                      4E2</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
                </ADDRESS>
                <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
                  <NUMBER>(418) 727-3706</NUMBER>
                </TEL>
                <EMAIL>cmr@conservatoire.gouv.qc.ca</EMAIL>
                <FOUNDED>
                  <FOUND-PTEXT>
                    <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1973"/>
                  </FOUND-PTEXT>
                </FOUNDED>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Annie</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Vanasse</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
              </BLOCK>
            </SECONDARY>
            <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804181557.0001" INDEX="Y" UPDATED="18.04.2018" DP="NO"
              SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
              <TIBLOCK>
                <TITLE>Conservatoire de Musique de Saguenay</TITLE>
                <TRANS INDEX="1">Conservatory of Music of Saguenay</TRANS>
              </TIBLOCK>
              <BLOCK>
                <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
                  <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>202 rue Jacques-Cartier E, <CITY>Chicoutimi</CITY>, QC
                      <POSTCODE> G7H 6R8</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
                </ADDRESS>
                <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
                  <NUMBER>(418) 698-3505</NUMBER>
                </TEL>
                <EMAIL>cms@conservatoire.gouv.qc.ca</EMAIL>
                <FOUNDED>
                  <FOUND-PTEXT>
                    <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1967"/>
                  </FOUND-PTEXT>
                </FOUNDED>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Louise</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Bouchard</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
              </BLOCK>
            </SECONDARY>
            <SECONDARY ID="CA.201804181610.0001" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="18.04.2018"
              UPDATED="15.06.2021" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
              <TIBLOCK>
                <TITLE>Conservatoire de Musique de Trois-Rivi&amp;egrave;res</TITLE>
                <TRANS INDEX="1">Conservatory of Music of Trois-Rivi&amp;egrave;res</TRANS>
              </TIBLOCK>
              <BLOCK>
                <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
                  <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>587 rue Radisson, <CITY>Trois-Rivi&amp;egrave;res</CITY>, QC
                      <POSTCODE> G9A 2C8</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
                </ADDRESS>
                <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
                  <NUMBER>(819) 371-6748</NUMBER>
                </TEL>
                <EMAIL>cmt@conservatoire.gouv.qc.ca</EMAIL>
                <FOUNDED>
                  <FOUND-PTEXT>
                    <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1964"/>
                  </FOUND-PTEXT>
                </FOUNDED>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Eve</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Martin</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
              </BLOCK>
            </SECONDARY>
            <SECONDARY ID="CA.2018042011454.0001" INDEX="Y" PREVUPDATES="20.04.2018"
              UPDATED="15.06.2021" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
              <TIBLOCK>
                <TITLE>Conservatoire de Musique de Val-d&amp;rsquo;Or</TITLE>
                <TRANS INDEX="1">Conservatory of Music of Val-d&amp;rsquo;Or</TRANS>
              </TIBLOCK>
              <BLOCK>
                <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
                  <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>88 rue Allard, <CITY>Val-d&amp;rsquo;Or</CITY>, QC <POSTCODE>
                      J9P 2Y1</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
                </ADDRESS>
                <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
                  <NUMBER>(819) 354-4585</NUMBER>
                </TEL>
                <EMAIL>cmv@conservatoire.gouv.qc.ca</EMAIL>
                <FOUNDED>
                  <FOUND-PTEXT>
                    <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1964"/>
                  </FOUND-PTEXT>
                </FOUNDED>
                <ADMINSTAFF>
                  <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Dir</JOB>
                  <NAME>
                    <FORENAME>Isabelle</FORENAME>
                    <SURNAME>Trottier</SURNAME>
                  </NAME>
                </ADMINSTAFF>
              </BLOCK>
            </SECONDARY>
          </ATTACH-LIST>
        </ATTACHED-GRP>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.5.2.5" TOWN="Halifax" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000352" PREVUPDATES="27.03.2014"
        UPDATED="08.05.2018" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Maritime Conservatory of Performing Arts</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>6199 Chebucto Rd, <CITY>Halifax</CITY>, NS <POSTCODE> B3L
                1K7</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(902) 423-6995</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>admin@maritimeconservatory.com</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.maritimeconservatory.com</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1887"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">schools of dance, music</GEN-INFO>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT><TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="80"/> teachers</TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT><STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="1200"/> students</STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chair.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>William</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Webster</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.5.2.7" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000354" PREVUPDATES="20/08/01, 08.05.2018"
        UPDATED="15.06.2021" RETURNED="09.05.2005" DP="NO" SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Royal Canadian College of Organists (RCCO)</TITLE>
          <SUPP INDEX="1">Coll&amp;egrave;ge Royal Canadien des Organistes</SUPP>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Elizabeth Shannon, Exec. Dir
            <EMAIL>execdirector@rcco.ca</EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>204 St George St, Suite 202, <CITY>Toronto</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE> M5R
                2N5</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(416) 929-6400</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>info@rcco.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.rcco.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1909"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres.</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Peter</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Nikiforuk</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Exec. Dir</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Elizabeth</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Shannon</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <PUB-GRP>
            <PUBLICATION>
              <JOURNAL>Organ Canada</JOURNAL>
              <ADD-JOURNAL>Orgue Canada, 4 a year, in English and French</ADD-JOURNAL>
            </PUBLICATION>
          </PUB-GRP>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
      <SECONDARY ID="CA.5.2.8" TOWN="Toronto" INDEX="Y" APPID="0000355"
        PREVUPDATES="11/08/00, 08.05.2018" UPDATED="15.06.2021" RETURNED="26.05.2004" DP="NO"
        SLLINK="SLsdoc" SLSDOCRF="sref">
        <TIBLOCK>
          <TITLE>Royal Conservatory of Music</TITLE>
        </TIBLOCK>
        <BLOCK>
          <CONTACT INSTITUTE="N">Jeff Embleton, Man. of Publicity <EMAIL>jeff.embleton@rcmusic.ca
            </EMAIL></CONTACT>
          <ADDRESS TYPE="POSTAL" COUNTRY="0">
            <VERBATIM-ADDRESS>TELUS Centre for Performance and Learning, 273 Bloor St W,
                <CITY>Toronto</CITY>, ON <POSTCODE>M5S 1W2</POSTCODE></VERBATIM-ADDRESS>
          </ADDRESS>
          <TEL AND-FAX="NO">
            <NUMBER>(416) 408-2824</NUMBER>
          </TEL>
          <EMAIL>candidateservices@rcmusic.ca</EMAIL>
          <WWW>www.rcmusic.ca</WWW>
          <FOUNDED>
            <FOUND-PTEXT>
              <FOUND-DATE YEAR="1886"/>
            </FOUND-PTEXT>
          </FOUNDED>
          <GEN-INFO BEFORE="1" AFTER="Y" HANG="H">incl. Glenn Gould School, Phil and Eli Taylor
            Performance Acad. for Young Artists, Royal Conservatory School; br. in NY
            (USA)</GEN-INFO>
          <TEACHER>
            <TEACH-PTEXT><TEACH-TOTAL TOTAL="350"/> teachers</TEACH-PTEXT>
          </TEACHER>
          <STUDENT>
            <STUDENT-PTEXT><STUDENT-TOTAL TOTAL="10000"/> students</STUDENT-PTEXT>
          </STUDENT>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Chancellor</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <FORENAME>Michael M.</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Koerner</SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
          <ADMINSTAFF>
            <JOB STATUS="FILLED">Pres. and CEO</JOB>
            <NAME>
              <ACAD-TITLE>Dr</ACAD-TITLE>
              <FORENAME>Peter</FORENAME>
              <SURNAME>Simon </SURNAME>
            </NAME>
          </ADMINSTAFF>
        </BLOCK>
      </SECONDARY>
    </SUB-UC>
  </UC-GRP>
</CHAPTER>